Activ One
Prospectus

        Section A. KEY HIGHLIGHTS

This policy is carefully crafted to offer complete protection against medical expenditures incurred due to an unforeseen Illness or Injury. Key features include
Unlimited Super reload, Super credit, Health management program, Chronic care, Global coverages, Maternity Benefit and wide range of optional covers
designed to extend the scope of base coverage and fixed pay-out benefit options like Critical Illness and Personal Accident.

        Section B. ELIGIBILITY AND TERMS

1. Policy Term:
    The policy will be issued for a period of 1 2 3 year s , the Sum Insured benefits will applicable on policy year basis.

2. Policy Type:
    The policy can be purchased on an Individual basis or a Family floater basis.
    a) Individual Policy:
          · In case of an Individual policy, each Insured Person under the policy will have a separate Sum Insured.
          · Premium will be charged as per the age of Individual Insured Person
    b) Family Floater:
          · In case of a floater Policy, one family will share a single opted Sum Insured except under optional covers like Critical Illness or Personal
           Accident where the Individual SI's are applicable
          · In a family floater the age of the eldest member will be considered while computing premium for the family.

3. Variants / Plan Name
    1. Plan: MAX
    2. Plan: VYTL
    3. Plan: NXT
    4. Plan: VIP
    5. Plan: VIP+
    6. Plan: MAX+
    7. Plan: SAVR

4. Entry Age (For all Variants)

Individual                                Proposer    Adults      Child
Minimum Entry Age                         18 Years    18 Years    5 Years
Maximum Entry Age                         No Capping  No Capping  No Capping
Family Floater / Multi Individual Policy  Proposer    Adults      Child
Minimum Entry Age                         18 Years    18 Years    91 days
Maximum Entry Age                         No Capping  No Capping  25 Years

Note:
1. Age is calculated on completed years on last birthday as on Commencement Date
2. Children up to 25 years can be covered under the floater policy as dependents. After age of 25 years, such Insured Person will be covered under

    a separate Individual Policy.
3. Individual Policy: Children beyond 25 years if dependent on the parents, can be covered under an individual policy.

5. Maximum age on renewals:
    There is no maximum cover ceasing age on renewals

6. Relationship Covered
    1. Individual:
          · Self, legally married spouse OR live-in partner (same or opposite sex), son, daughter, brother, sister, grandson, granddaughter, son in-law,
           daughter in-law, brother-in-law, sister-in-law, nephew, niece, parents and parents-in-law

    2. Family Floater:
          · Self, legally married spouse OR live-in partner (same or opposite sex), dependent Children (Natural/legally adopted), Parents and
           Parents-in-law)

          · Family Definition under Floater: Up to 2 Adult^ + 4 Children (2A4C)
          ^Under Family Floater policy of 2 Adults, the relationship between the Insureds will always have to be Primary Insured and their Spouse.

                                                                  Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP24097V012324
7. Sum Insured Options (Base Cover):

Sr. No  Variants                  Base Sum Insured Option
  1       MAX                     INR 2 Lacs, 3 Lacs, 4 Lacs, 5 Lacs, 7 Lacs, 10 Lacs,15 Lacs, 20 Lacs, 25 Lacs, 50 Lacs, 75 Lacs, 1 Crore,
  2       VYTL                    2 Crores, 3 Crores, 4 Crores, 5 Crores, 6 Crores
  3       NXT
  4       VIP                     Domestic Sum Insured Option: INR 50 Lacs and 75 Lacs  Domestic Sum Insured Option: INR 1 Crore,
                                  International Sum Insured: INR 30 Lacs                2 Crores, 3 Crores, 4 Crores, 5 Crores and
                                  (Over and above Domestic Sum Insured)                 6 Crores

                                                                                        International Sum Insured: INR 1 Crore
                                                                                        (Over and above Domestic Sum Insured)

5       VIP+                      Base Sum Insured Option: INR 50 Lacs, 75 Lacs, 1 Crore, 2 Crores, 3 Crores, 4 Crores, 5 Crores, 6 Crores
                                  International Sum Insured: Up to Base Sum Insured
6       MAX+                      INR 2 Lacs, 3 Lacs, 4 Lacs, 5 Lacs, 7 Lacs, 10 Lacs,15 Lacs, 20 Lacs, 25 Lacs, 50 Lacs, 75 Lacs, 1 Crore,
                                  2 Crores, 3 Crores, 4 Crores, 5 Crores, 6 Crores

7       SAVR                      INR 2 Lacs, 3 Lacs, 4 Lacs, 5 Lacs, 7 Lacs, 10 Lacs,15 Lacs, 20 Lacs, 25 Lacs, 50 Lacs, 75 Lacs, 1 Crore,
                                  2 Crores, 3 Crores, 4 Crores, 5 Crores, 6 Crores

8. Premium payment options:
    1. Monthly
    2. Quarterly
    3. Half yearly
    4. Annual / Single

\

        Section C. Benefits Covered Under the Policy

The Sum Insured limits, Exclusions including Waiting Periods and Benefits applicable are as opted by You in the Proposal Form and as specified in the Policy
Schedule. All the Benefits under this Section might not be available to the Insured Person(s), please refer Policy Schedule for the list of applicable benefits.

C.1 Hospitalization Treatment

C.1.1 In-Patient Treatment

The Company shall indemnify the following Medical Expenses incurred for Hospitalization of the Insured Person during the Policy Period due to Illness or
Injury, for one or more of the following:

      a. Room Rent, boarding, nursing expenses as provided by the Hospital / Nursing Home.
      b. Intensive Care Unit (ICU) Charges / Intensive Cardiac Care Unit (ICCU) expenses.
      c. Surgeon, Anaesthetist, Medical Practitioner, Consultants, Specialist's fees during Hospitalization and forming part of the Hospital bill.
      d. Investigative treatments and diagnostic procedures directly related to Hospitalization.
      e. Medicines and Drugs prescribed in writing by Medical Practitioner.
      f. Intravenous Fluids, Blood Transfusion, Surgical Appliances, Allowable Consumables and / or Enteral Feedings.
      g. Operation Theatre charges.
      h. The cost of Prosthetics and other devices or equipment, if Implanted internally during Surgery.

C.1.1.1 Other Expenses Covered

      a. Road Ambulance: We will pay up to Base Sum Insured
      b. Dental Treatment under Inpatient Care, medically necessitated due to Illness or Injury
      c. Plastic Surgery, medically necessitated due to Injury
      d. All Day Care Treatments
      e. Expenses incurred towards treatment taken by the Insured Person during In-patient Treatment or Day Care Treatment arising out of any of the

          below mentioned Indicative list of Modern Procedures / Treatments (Below mentioned list can be modified basis medical advancements and
          evolution).

Uterine Artery Embolization       Immunotherapy - Monoclonal         Vaporisation of the Prostrate  Stem Cell Therapy:
and HIFU (High intensity focused  Antibody to be given as injection  (Green laser treatment or      Hematopoietic Stem Cells
ultrasound)                                                          holmium laser treatment)       for Bone Marrow Transplant
                                                                                                    for Haematological Conditions
Balloon Sinuplasty                Oral Chemotherapy                  Robotic Surgeries
Deep Brain Stimulation            Intra Vitreal Injections           Bronchial Thermoplasty         Stereotactic Radio Surgeries

                                                                                                    IONM - (Intra Operative Neuro
                                                                                                    Monitoring)

                                                                                                       Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP24097V012324
f. HIV / AIDS and STD Cover: Medical Expenses incurred towards treatment taken by the Insured Person during Hospitalization under
      Hospitalization Treatment of the Insured Person arising out of condition caused by or associated with HIV or HIV related illnesses, including AIDS
      or AIDS related Complex (ARC) and / or any mutant derivative or variations there of or sexually transmitted diseases (STD) during the Policy Period.

g. Mental Illness Hospitalization: Medical Expenses incurred towards treatment taken by the Insured Person during Hospitalization under
      Hospitalization Treatment of the Insured Person, arising out of a condition caused by or associated to medical illness, stress, anxiety, depression
      or a medical condition impacting mental health of the Insured.

h. Obesity Treatment: Medical Expenses incurred towards treatment taken by the Insured Person during Hospitalization under Hospitalization
      Treatment of the Insured Person arising out of Hospitalization for a Bariatric Surgery during the Policy Period subject to the conditions that needs
      to be fulfilled as per Section D.1.6­ Standard Exclusions - Obesity / Weight Control (Code- Excl06) in the Policy Document.

C.2 Pre-Hospitalization Expenses

The Company shall indemnify the Pre-Hospitalization Medical Expenses incurred, related to an admissible Hospitalization of the Insured Person under
Hospitalization Treatment or Domiciliary Hospitalization or Home Health care or AYUSH treatment for up to 90 days immediately prior to the date of such
Hospitalization as mentioned in the Policy Schedule.

C.3 Post-Hospitalization Expenses

The Company shall indemnify the Post-Hospitalization Medical Expenses incurred, related to an admissible Hospitalization of the Insured Person under
Hospitalization Treatment or Domiciliary Hospitalization or Home Health care or AYUSH treatment for up to 180 days from the date of discharge from the
Hospital as mentioned in the Policy Schedule.

C.4 Claim Protect (Non-Medical Expense Waiver)

The Company shall indemnify the Non-Medical Expenses listed under Annexure I (all 4 lists) to this Policy incurred in relation to a claim admissible under
Hospitalization Treatment or Domiciliary Hospitalization or Home Health care or AYUSH treatment or Organ Donor Expenses during the Policy Period as
mentioned in the Policy Schedule.

C.5 Domiciliary Hospitalization

The Company shall indemnify the Medical Expenses incurred during the Policy Period on Domiciliary Hospitalization of the Insured Person due to Illness or
Injury subject to the conditions specified in the Policy Document.

C.6 Home Health Care

The Company shall indemnify the Medical Expenses incurred towards the Insured Person availing Medically Necessary Treatment at Home during the Policy
Period, if prescribed in writing by the treating Medical Practitioner and subject to meeting the conditions mentioned in the Policy Document.

C.7 AYUSH Treatment

The Company shall indemnify the Medical Expenses incurred for Inpatient Care of the Insured Person under Ayurveda, Yoga and Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha
and Homeopathy systems of medicines during the Policy Period in any AYUSH Hospital or AYUSH Day Care Centre.

C.8 Organ Donor Expenses

The Company shall indemnify the Medical Expenses listed under Hospitalization Treatment which are incurred during the Policy Period towards the organ
donor's Hospitalization for harvesting of the donated organ where an Insured Person is the recipient, subject to the following conditions mentioned in the
Policy Document.

C.9 Annual Health Check-up

Insured Person(s) Aged 18 years and above on the Commencement Date of the Policy may avail a comprehensive health check-up once in a Policy Year in
accordance with the table below and conditions mentioned in the Policy Document of this Policy.
Medical tests covered under this Benefit are as follows:

Sum Insured                      INR 2 Lacs - 10 Lacs         INR 15 lacs - 25 Lacs        INR 50 Lacs - 6 Crores

Test                             MER, CBC with ESR,           MER, CBC with ESR,           MER, CBC with ESR, ABO Group &

                                 Urine routine, Blood Group,  Urine routine, Blood Group,  Rh type, Urine-routine, Stool-routine,

                                 Blood Sugar, Lipid Profile,  Blood Sugar, Lipid Profile,  S Bilirubin (total/direct), SGOT, SGPT,

                                 Kidney Function Test, ECG    TMT, Kidney Function Test    GGT, Alkaline phosphatase,

                                                                                           Total Protein, Albumin: Globulin,

                                                                                           Liver Function Test, TMT, ECG,

                                                                                           Cholesterol, LDL, HDL, Triglycerides,

                                                                                           VLDL, Creatinine, Blood Urea Nitrogen,

                                                                                           Uric acid, Hba1C, Chest X ray, USG

                                                                                           Abdomen.

C. 10 Super Reload

If the Base Sum Insured along with accumulated Super Credit (if applicable) for the Policy Year in respect of the Insured Person, is completely exhausted or
is insufficient for covering a claim, then We shall provide for a reload amounting to the Base Sum Insured ("Super Reload"), unlimited times during the Policy
Year, subject to the conditions specified in the Policy Document.

                                                                                           Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP24097V012324
C.11 Super Credit

An additional limit under the current Policy Year ("Super Credit") will be applied / increased by a fixed percentage of the Base Sum Insured of immediately
preceding Policy Year irrespective of any claims in previous Policy Year, provided the Policy is renewed with the Company without a break, subject to maximum
cap as specified in the Policy Schedule against this Benefit and conditions as specified in the Policy Document.

C.12 Chronic Care (Day 1 In-patient Hospitalization)

The Company shall indemnify the Medical Expenses incurred related to an admissible Hospitalization of the Insured Person under Hospitalization Treatment
due to the chronic condition(s) listed below from Day 1 of coverage, where any of the scenarios / situations are fulfilled, as applicable and written in the Policy
Document.

For the Eligibility and Conditions to avail Chronic Care (Day 1 In-Patient Hospitalization) benefit, please refer Policy Schedule.

For the ease of understanding broad definitions of covered Chronic conditions are as below:

Asthma is a Chronic condition that affects the airways (bronchi) of the lungs, causing them to constrict (become narrow) when exposed to certain triggers
which results in the symptoms of wheezing, coughing, tight chest and shortness of breath.

Hypertension is the term used to describe a persistent elevated blood pressure, commonly referred to as high blood pressure, and if this chronic disease is
not treated appropriately, is a major risk factor for heart disease, stroke, kidney disease and even eye diseases.

Hyperlipidaemia is a chronic disease that refers to an elevated level of lipids (fats), including cholesterol and triglycerides, in the blood and if not treated
appropriately, it is a major risk factor for increased risks of heart disease, heart attacks, strokes and other incidents of disease.

Diabetes mellitus is a chronic, progressive disease in which impaired insulin production leads to high blood glucose (sugar) levels, and without good self-man-
agement and proper treatment, the increased glucose (sugar) in the blood affects and damages every organ in the body, which causes serious health
consequences.

Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) which includes chronic bronchitis and emphysema, is a long-term lung disease that causes
progressive permanent damage to Lung leading to airway related symptoms.

Obesity where Obesity means abnormal or excessive fat accumulation that presents risk to the health (Body Mass Index i.e. BMI is less than or equal to 39.99).

Coronary Artery Disease with PTCA done prior to 1 year:

      I. Coronary artery disease is the build-up of lipid-rich plaque in the arteries that supply oxygen-rich blood to the heart. Plaque causes a narrowing
          or blockage that could result in a heart attack.

      II. PTCA (Coronary Angioplasty) is defined as percutaneous coronary intervention by way of balloon angioplasty with or without stenting for
          treatment of the narrowing or blockage of minimum 50 % of one or more major coronary arteries. The intervention must be determined to be
          medically necessary by a cardiologist and supported by a coronary angiogram (CAG).

      III. Coronary arteries herein refer to left main stem, left anterior descending, circumflex and right coronary artery.

      IV. Diagnostic angiography or investigation procedures without angioplasty / stent insertion are excluded from the scope of this definition.

C.13 Chronic Management Program (OPD)

Insured Person(s) who is aged 18 years and above will be entitled to avail access to a fixed number of (i) Medical Practitioner's consultations and (ii) diagnostic
tests, for any declared chronic conditions listed under Chronic Care (Day 1 In-patient Hospitalization) and as specified in the Policy Schedule. For details of the
applicability and number of consultations / tests available to the Insured Person, please refer Annexure IV of the Policy Document$.
These services can be availed at our Network Providers and Empanelled Service Providers (such as outpatient clinics or physicians / diagnostic centres) for
chronic conditions listed above, with a Cashless Facility basis only.

For the Eligibility criteria and Conditions to avail Chronic Management Program (OPD), please refer Policy Document.

$Annexure IV ­ Applicability Matrix of Chronic Management Program for listed and defined 7 Chronic conditions

C.14 Durable Medical Equipment Cover

The Company shall reimburse the expenses towards the cost of buying or renting any of the listed "Durable Medical Equipment", up to the overall limit
specified in the Policy Schedule / Product Benefit Table, provided the same is prescribed to the Insured Person by the treating Medical Practitioner, during or
after an admissible Hospitalization for a Medically Necessary treatment. For conditions and list of Durable Medical Equipment's under this Benefit, please
refer Policy Document.

C.15 Advanced Health Check-up

Insured Person(s) Aged 18 years and above on the Commencement Date of the Policy may avail an advanced health check-up once in a Policy Year in
accordance with the table below and conditions mentioned in the Policy Document of this Policy.

Medical tests covered under this Benefit are as follows:

Sr.no.  List of Advanced Health Check-up Tests
1       Computed tomography angiography (CTA)
2       Positron emission tomography (PET) Scan

                                                 Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP24097V012324
C.16 Hospital Cash Cover for Parents OR Parents-in-law

The Company shall pay the Daily Cash Benefit as specified in the Policy Schedule for each continuous and completed 24 hours of Hospitalization during the
Policy Year related to an admissible Hospitalization of any or both Parents/Parents-in-law of the Primary Insured Person subject to the conditions
mentioned in the Policy Document.

C.17 Global Cover (Emergency Only)

The Company shall indemnify the Insured Person for Emergency Medical Expenses which are diagnosed and incurred outside India, but within those regions
as specified in the Policy Schedule, related to the Benefits mentioned below, subject to the conditions mentioned in the Policy Document:

Emergency Hospitalisation           The Company shall indemnify the Medical Expenses incurred for the Hospitalization of the Insured Person
                                    until they reach a Medically Stable Condition during the Policy Period subject to the conditions mentioned
                                    in the Policy Document.

Emergency MedicaI Evacuation        Our Service Provider will arrange, and the Company shall indemnify the expenses, for ambulance services
                                    under appropriate medical supervision on Cashless Facility basis only, when an adequate medical facility
                                    is not available proximate to the Insured Person, as determined by the Insured Person's attending
                                    physician and agreed by Us / Our Service Provider. We will arrange an appropriate mode of transport as
                                    decided by Us / Our Service Provider's consulting physician and patient's attending physician to the
                                    nearest medical facility capable of providing the required care.

Global Compassionate visit          The Company shall indemnify expenses, for the travel of a family member to visit the Insured Person in
                                    the event that the Insured Person is hospitalized for more than seven (7) consecutive days without a
                                    companion or does not have a companion by their side. We will cover an appropriate means of
                                    transportation via economy carrier transportation. The family member is responsible to meet all travel
                                    document requirements, as may be applicable.

Emergency Air Ambulance             The Company shall indemnify expenses incurred by the Insured Person during the Policy Year towards
                                    Ambulance transportation in an airplane or helicopter for Emergency Care which requires immediate and
                                    rapid Ambulance transportation that ground transportation cannot provide from the site of first
                                    occurrence of the Illness or Accident to the nearest Hospital. The claim is subject to a maximum of limit
                                    as specified in the Policy Schedule and conditions as specified in the Policy Document against this Cover.

Care and/or transportation of       The Company shall indemnify the expenses for one-way economy common carrier transportation,
minor children                      including attendants if necessary, to transport unattended minor child(ren) to their place of residence
                                    in the event of a medical emergency or the death of an Insured Person.

Return of mortal remains            The Company shall indemnify the cost for the return of the mortal remains of the Insured Person to an
                                    authorized funeral home near the Insured Person's legal residence in the event of their death.

Medical referral                    Insured Person(s) will have tele-access to an operations centre of Our Service Provider, who will provide
                                    reference of doctors in the vicinity where the Insured Person is located for medical consultations.
                                    This medical consultation is only facilitated by Us / Our Service Provider and is independent judgment
                                    of medical consultant. We do not assume any liability and shall not be deemed to assume any liability
                                    towards any loss or damage arising out of or in relation to any opinion, advice, prescription, actual or
                                    alleged errors, omissions and representations made by the professional giving medical consultant.

Medical Repatriation                Our Service Provider will arrange, and the Company shall indemnify expenses, for transportation under
                                    medical supervision to the Insured Person's residence or to a medical or rehabilitation facility near the
                                    Insured Person's residence (as mentioned in the Policy Schedule) when the Insured Person's attending
                                    physician determines that transportation is medically necessary and is agreed by Us / Our Service
                                    Provider, at such time as the Insured Person is medically cleared for travel by Us / Our Service Provider's
                                    consulting physician and Insured Person's attending physician

OPD Cover                           The Company shall indemnify the Medical Expenses, for an Insured Person on foreign land who suffers an
                                    Injury or is diagnosed with an Illness requiring Out-patient Treatment, up to the amount as specified in
                                    the Policy Schedule and the condition specified in the Policy Document.

Loss of Passport                    The Company shall indemnify, solely through a Reimbursement basis, the Insured Person for the
                                    expenses incurred in obtaining a duplicate or new passport, up to INR 20,000, in the event of the loss of
                                    the original passport subject to the condition mentioned in the Policy Document.

Loss of checked-in baggage          The Company shall indemnify, solely through a Reimbursement basis, the Insured Person for the
                                    expenses incurred in replacing the entire checked-in baggage and its contents at market value, up to a
                                    maximum of INR 10,000, in the event of its loss while in the custody of the common carrier, subject to
                                    the conditions specified in the Policy Document.

Trip Cancellation & Interruption    Trip Cancellation: If the Insured Person's outward journey as a fare paying passenger from the country of
                                    residence to an international place of destination on a common carrier is unavoidably cancelled before the
                                    commencement of the period of insurance due to any of the reasons specified in the Policy Schedule,
                                    then the Company shall indemnify, up to the amount specified against this Benefit in the Policy Schedule,
                                    through Reimbursement basis only, for those travel expenses that the Policyholder incurred and cannot
                                    recover and for which no value can be derived without knowledge of the likelihood of cancellation subject
                                    to the conditions mentioned in the Policy Document.

                                    Trip Interruption: If the Insured Person's overseas stay is unavoidably curtailed after the commencement
                                    of the Period of Insurance due to any of the reasons/conditions as specified in the Policy Document,
                                    then the costs of economy airfare of the Insured Person shall be Reimbursed by the Company to return
                                    to the country of residence subject to the conditions mentioned in the Policy Document.

                                                        Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP24097V012324
Trip Delay                                The Company shall indemnify the expenses as specified in the Policy Schedule, through Reimbursement
                                          basis only, if the departure of a common carrier in which the Insured Person is scheduled to travel on
                                          a valid ticket during the Period of Insurance is delayed for more than 12 consecutive hours from the
                                          declared time of departure or expected time of departure whichever is later subject to the conditions
                                          mentioned in the Policy Document.

Delay of Checked-in Baggage               The Company shall indemnify the expenses as specified in the Policy Schedule, through Reimbursement
                                          basis only, if the delivery of the Insured Person's checked-In baggage which has been entrusted to the
                                          common carrier is delayed by more than 12 hours from the Insured Person's arrival at the place of
                                          destination specified on his valid ticket during the period of insurance as specified in the Policy Schedule
                                          subject to the conditions mentioned in the Policy Document.

C.18 Specified Illness Cover (For listed 27 Major Illness - Diagnosis in India and Planned treatment abroad)

The Company shall indemnify the Medical Expenses of the Insured Person incurred towards treatment of Specified Illness as listed below and defined under
Section B (Definitions) that would otherwise have been payable under In-Patient Treatment subject to conditions mentioned in the Policy Document.

List of Specified Illness as Applicable:

Sr No       Major Illness
1           Cancer Treatment
2           Coronary Artery By-Pass Surgery
3           Heart Valve Replacement
4           Lung Transplant Surgery in case of End Stage Lung Disease
5           Kidney Transplant Surgery in case of End Stage Renal Failure
6           Liver Transplant Surgery in case of End Stage Liver Disease
7           Heart Transplant
8           Cardiac arrest (excluding angioplasty)
9           Bone Marrow Transplant
10          Neurosurgery
11          Surgical Treatment for benign Brain Tumour
12          Pulmonary Artery Graft Surgery
13          Aorta Graft Surgery
14          Surgical Treatment for Stroke
15          Surgical Treatment of Coma
16          Skin Grafting Surgery for Major Burns
17          Surgery for Pheochromocytoma
18          Permanent Paralysis of Limbs
19          Motor Neuron Disease with Permanent Symptoms
20          Multiple Sclerosis with Persisting Symptoms
21          Fulminant Viral Hepatitis
22          Bacterial meningitis
23          Alzheimer's Disease
24          Cerebral aneurysm - with surgery or radiotherapy
25          Parkinson's disease - resulting in permanent symptoms
26          Pneumonectomy - Removal of an entire lung
27          Surgical removal of an eyeball

                                                                                                              Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP24097V012324
C.19 Maternity Cover

The Company shall indemnify Maternity Expenses incurred during the Policy Period, subject to fulfilment of conditions mentioned in the Policy Document.

C.20 Global Enhanced (Any Illness/Injury - Planned treatment abroad)

The Company shall indemnify the Medical Expenses incurred towards medical treatment taken by the Insured Person during the Policy Period for any Illness
or Injury. This Policy covers only treatment which is planned and scheduled in advance and taken outside India and does not cover any Emergencies occurring
or Emergency Care required while the Insured Person is overseas, related to the Benefits mentioned below and subject to the conditions specified in the Policy
Document.

Hospitalization Expenses    Refer Section C.1
AYUSH Treatment             Refer Section C.7
Pre-Hospitalization Cover   Refer Section C.2
Post-Hospitalization Cover  Refer Section C.3
Organ Donor Expenses        Refer Section C.8
Emergency Air Ambulance     Refer Section C.17
Claim Protect               Refer Section C.4
Super Credit                Refer Section C.11

C.21 Health Management Program

C.21.1 Health AssessmentTM

Under this Benefit, We will provide a Health Assessment of the Insured Person, which can be undertaken in two ways: Digital Health Assessment at home or
Physical Health Assessment at Our Network Providers / Empanelled Service Providers on a Cashless Facility. Health AssessmentTM measures MER including BP,
BMI, HWR and smoking status, Blood Sugar and Total Cholesterol. After the results of the Health Assessment are received, a Healthy Heart Score (HHS) will be
generated. Charges for the same be borne by Us once in a Policy Year. All tests mentioned as a part of Health AssessmentTM shall be conducted together.

Conditions to avail Health Assessments are specified in the Policy Document.

C.21.2 HealthReturnsTM

An Insured Person can earn HealthReturnsTM by looking after his/her health and being physically active on a regular basis.

How to Earn HealthReturnsTM
Earned by way of a percentage of Premium through Healthy Heart Score and Active Dayz

Step 1 ­ Complete Health questionnaire & Health AssessmentTM (applicable for each individual Insured Person)
Step 2 ­ Earn Active DayzTM by being physically active on an ongoing basis
Step3- Calculation Methodology of HealthReturnsTM :The Insured Person shall earn HealthReturnsTM based on the Healthy Heart ScoreTM, the fitness assess-
ment result and the number of Active DayzTM recorded. HealthReturnsTM is accrued monthly according to the grid mentioned in the Policy Document.

For the Eligibility and Conditions to avail HealthReturnsTM, please refer the Policy Document.

Earned HealthReturnsTM can be utilized by any covered Insured Person under a Policy.

How can one spend HealthReturnsTM:

Reward amounts under HealthReturnsTM may be utilized by an Insured Person towards the following expenses, up to the value of the rewards accrued under
this Benefit:

      i. Expenses for OPD Treatment up to the value of rewards accrued.
      ii. For expenses towards buying any health wearable device which can be used to track steps and Active DayzTM.

      Note: For additional ways to utilize the rewards, please read the HealthReturnsTM Section under the Policy Document carefully.

C.22 Optional Covers (Please refer the Policy Schedule for applicability of Optional Covers)

The Benefits listed below are Optional Covers and shall be available to Insured Person only if the additional premium has been received or reduction in the
Premium as applicable, given the specific Benefit is specified to be in force for the Insured Person in the Policy Schedule of this Policy. Claims made under these
Benefits will impact the Sum Insured and the overall Sum Insured, as applicable to the Insured Person and as specified in the Policy Schedule.

C.22.1 Reduction in Specific Disease waiting period

On availing this Optional Cover, at the inception of the first policy with Us, We shall reduce the applicable Specific Disease Waiting Period under Section D for
claims related to such specified Illness / procedure to 1 Year subject to conditions as mentioned in the Policy Document.

                                                Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP24097V012324
C.22.2 Reduction in Pre-Existing Disease waiting period

On availing this Optional Cover, at the inception of the first policy with Us, We shall reduce the applicable Pre-Existing Disease Waiting Period under Section D
for claims related to any Pre-Existing Disease specified in the Policy Schedule, to a specified number of years as mentioned in the Policy Schedule subject to
conditions as mentioned in the Policy Document.

C.22.3 Claim Protect (Non-Medical Expense Waiver)

Please refer section C.4 (Claim Protect (Non-Medical Expense Waiver)) for the terms and conditions applicable under this Benefit.

C.22.4 Room Rent Type Options

On availing this Optional Cover, the Insured Person shall be eligible to modify the room type category eligibility as specified in the Policy Schedule / Product
Benefit Table of the Policy.

C.22.5 Per Claim Deductible

On availing this Optional Cover, the Deductible specified in the Policy Schedule shall be applicable for each and every admissible claim made under this Policy,
and the Insured Person shall bear on his / her own account an amount equal to the opted Deductible subject to the conditions mentioned in the Policy
Document.

C.22.6 Preferred Provider Network (PPN) Discount

On availing this Optional Cover, the Policyholder will be entitled for a discount of 10% on the premium payable subject to the conditions mentioned in the Policy
Document.

C.22.7 Critical Illness cover

On availing this Optional Cover, if the Insured Person suffers from a Critical Illness of the nature as specified in this Section during the Policy Period and while
the Policy is in force, then We shall pay the Sum Insured as mentioned in the Policy Schedule / Product Benefit Table for that Critical Illness after completion
of 60 days from the Commencement Date and survival of the Insured Person for 15 days following the first diagnosis of the Critical Illness/undergoing the
Surgical Procedure for the first time subject to the conditions as mentioned in the Policy Document.

List of Critical Illnesses as Applicable:

Sr No  Illnesses
1      CANCER OF SPECIFIED SEVERITY
2      MYOCARDIAL INFARCTION (FIRST HEART ATTACK OF SPECIFIC SEVERITY)
3      OPEN CHEST CABG
4      OPEN HEART REPLACEMENT OR REPAIR OF HEART VALVES
5      KIDNEY FAILURE REQUIRING REGULAR DIALYSIS
6      STROKE RESULTING IN PERMANENT SYMPTOMS
7      MAJOR ORGAN / BONE MARROW TRANSPLANT
8      PERMANENT PARALYSIS OF LIMBS
9      MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS WITH PERSISTING SYMPTOMS
10     COMA OF SPECIFIED SEVERITY
11     MOTOR NEURON DISEASE WITH PERMANENT SYMPTOMS
12     THIRD DEGREE BURNS
13     DEAFNESS
14     LOSS OF SPEECH
15     APLASTIC ANAEMIA
16     END STAGE LIVER FAILURE
17     END STAGE LUNG FAILURE
18     BACTERIAL MENINGITIS
19     FULMINANT HEPATITIS
20     MUSCULAR DYSTROPHY

C.22.8 Personal Accident Cover

On availing this Optional Cover, We will pay the amount specified in the Policy Schedule as a lump sum pay out in case of Accidental Death, Permanent Total
Disablement and Permanent Partial Disablement up to the limit specified in the Policy Schedule subject to conditions mentioned in the Policy Document.

                                                                                                                                                                                            Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP24097V012324
C.22.9 Super Credit

Please refer section C.11 (Super Credit) for the terms and conditions applicable under this Benefit.

C.22.10 Chronic Care (Day 1 In-patient Hospitalization)

Please refer section C.12 (Chronic Care (Day 1 In-patient Hospitalization)) for the terms and conditions applicable under this Benefit.

C.22.11 Chronic Management Program (OPD)

Please refer section C.13 (Chronic Management Program (OPD)) for the terms and conditions applicable under this Benefit.

C.22.12 Cancer Booster

On availing this Optional Cover, an additional amount as specified in the Policy Schedule / Product Benefit table will be available to the Insured Person as Sum
Insured for Medical Expenses incurred in relation to an admissible Hospitalization of the Insured Person or "Cancer of Specified Severity" as defined in Section
B (Definitions) of the Policy Document, provided such claim is admissible under Section C during the Policy Period Year. For terms and conditions applicable
under this Benefit, please refer the Policy Document

C.22.13 Durable Medical Equipment Cover

Please refer section C.14 (Durable Medical Equipment Cover) for the terms and conditions applicable under this Benefit.

C.22.14 Chronic Care (Day 1 In-patient Hospitalization) Restriction

On availing this Optional Cover, the Insured Person(s) who are diagnosed with one or more of listed chronic conditions (as defined under Section C.12 ­ Chronic
Care) will not get Day 1 In-patient coverage as per Chronic Care benefit subject to the conditions mentioned in the Policy Document.

C.22.15 Compassionate Visit

On availing this Optional Cover, in the event of Hospitalization of the Insured Person exceeding 10 days in relation to a claim admissible under Hospitalization
Treatment during the Policy Period Year, the cost of two way economy class air ticket or travel fare up to maximum of INR 50,000/- as specified in Policy
Schedule, incurred by the Insured Persons immediate family member while travelling to place of Hospitalization from the place of origin / Home and back will
be reimbursed subject to conditions mentioned in the Policy Document

Immediate family member would mean spouse/live-in partner, children, and dependent parent/parent-in-law.

C.22.16 Second Medical Opinion for listed Major Illness

On availing this Optional Cover, the Company shall indemnify the expenses incurred towards Second Medical Opinion for the Insured Person for any Major
Illness as specifically listed below, if availed from a Medical Practitioner through the Network Provider, subject to the conditions mentioned in the Policy
Document.

List of Major Illnesses as Applicable:

Sr No  Major Illness
1      Cancer Treatment
2      Coronary Artery By-Pass Surgery
3      Heart Valve Replacement
4      Lung Transplant Surgery in case of End Stage Lung Disease
5      Kidney Transplant Surgery in case of End Stage Renal Failure
6      Liver Transplant Surgery in case of End Stage Liver Disease
7      Heart Transplant
8      Cardiac arrest (excluding angioplasty)
9      Bone Marrow Transplant
10     Neurosurgery
11     Surgical Treatment for benign Brain Tumour
12     Pulmonary Artery Graft Surgery
13     Aorta Graft Surgery
14     Surgical Treatment for Stroke
15     Surgical Treatment of Coma
16     Skin Grafting Surgery for Major Burns
17     Surgery for Pheochromocytoma
18     Permanent Paralysis of Limbs
19     Motor Neuron Disease with Permanent Symptoms
20     Multiple Sclerosis with Persisting Symptoms
21     Fulminant Viral Hepatitis
22     Bacterial meningitis
23     Alzheimer's Disease
24     Cerebral aneurysm - with surgery or radiotherapy
25     Parkinson's disease - resulting in permanent symptoms
26     Pneumonectomy - Removal of an entire lung
27     Surgical removal of an eyeball

                                                                     Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP24097V012324
C.22.17 Annual Screening Package for Cancer Diagnosed Patients

On availing this Optional Cover, the Company shall reimburse the Medical Expenses incurred up to the limit specified in the Policy Schedule/Product Benefit
Table for an Annual Screening Package for the Insured Person(s) subject to conditions mentioned in the Policy Document.

C.22.18 Annual Health Check-up

Please refer section C.9 (Annual Health Check-up) for the terms and conditions applicable under this Benefit.

C.22.19 "Geographical extension to include USA and Canada" for Global Cover (Emergency Only)

This Optional cover shall be subject to all guidelines and conditions mentioned under Section Global Cover, Specified Illness Cover and Maternity Cover with no
geographical limitations in the USA and Canada, unlike those specified under Section Global Cover (Emergency Only) subject to the conditions mentioned in the
Policy Document.

Section C.a Illustration for Utilization of Sum Insured:

   An Insured Person with Activ One (MAX Plan), Tenure 1 Year, Second Policy Year in progress, one claim in Year 1, Base Sum Insured INR 10,00,000

No. of Claim Claim Amount Base Sum Insured Super Credit                   Super Reload      Admissible                  Utilisation of Sum Insured
                                                                                           claim amount
                                (BSI)                  (on 1st renewal) (unlimited times)

1st Claim  22,00,000            10,00,000                 10,00,000          2,00,000              22,00,000            Base Sum Insured+ Super Credit+
                                                                                                                               Super Reload (partial)

2nd Claim  10,00,000            NIL                            NIL           10,00,000             10,00,000            Super Reload (up to Base Sum Insured)

3rd Claim  8,00,000             NIL                            NIL           8,00,000              8,00,000             Super Reload (partial)

   Insured Person as above with Activ One (MAX Plan), Tenure 1 Year, Sixth Policy Year in progress, Base Sum Insured INR 10,00,000.

No. of Claim Claim Amount Base Sum Insured Super Credit Super Reload                       Admissible                   Utilisation of Sum Insured

                                (BSI)                  (on 5th renewal) (unlimited times) claim amount

1st Claim  30,00,000            10,00,000                 50,00,000 Not Required           30,00,000                    Base Sum Insured+ Super Credit

2nd Claim  40,00,000            NIL                       30,00,000       10,00,000        40,00,000                Super Credit(Balance) + Super Reload

                                                                                                                        (up to Base Sum Insured)

3rd Claim  10,00,000            NIL                            NIL        10,00,000        10,00,000                    Super Reload (Full)

4th Claim  8,00,000             NIL                            NIL        8,00,000         8,00,000                     Super Reload (partial)

5th Claim  10,00,000            NIL                            NIL        10,00,000        10,00,000                    Super Reload (Full)

Section C.b Illustration of Super Credit (exclusive):

   Policy year Policy Type      Base Sum Insured (BSI)               Claims               Super Credit (100% of SI) on  Total Available Sum Insured
                                                                                               next year renewal*

        1             Floater        10,00,000                       No                            NA                                     10,00,000
                                                                                                                                          20,00,000
        2             Floater        10,00,000                       Yes                   100% of BSI = 10,00,000                        30,00,000
                                                                                                                                         40,00,000
        3             Floater        10,00,000                       Yes                   100% of BSI = 10,00,000                        50,00,000
                                                                                                                                         60,00,000
        4             Floater        10,00,000                       No                    100% of BSI = 10,00,000                       60,00,000
                                                                                                                                         60,00,000
        5             Floater        10,00,000                       No                    100% of BSI = 10,00,000
                                                                                                                                       Paid through
        6             Floater        10,00,000                       No                    100% of BSI = 10,00,000
                                                                                                                        Base Sum Insured + Super Reload (Full)
        7             Floater        10,00,000                       Yes                           NA                               Super Reload (Full)

        8             Floater        10,00,000                       No                            NA                              Super Reload(Partial)
                                                                                                                                   Super Reload(Partial)
*Irrespective of claim in preceding policy year. The above illustration is for MAX Plan.
                                                                                                                                    Super Reload (Full)
Section C.c Super Reload Illustration (NXT Plan)
                                                                                                                        Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP24097V012324
Policy     Claim No   Policy      Claim           Base Sum          Super Reload (2X-Day   Super        Admissible
Year       1st Claim   Type      Amount            Insured          1 Cover and Unlimited  Credit      claim amount

   1                  Floater   20,00,000         10,00,000                  Reload)        NIL          20,00,000

                                                                            10,00,000

1          2nd Claim Floater 10,00,000                    NIL        10,00,000             NIL         10,00,000

1          3rd Claim Floater 5,00,000                     NIL        5,00,000              NIL         5,00,000

1          4th Claim Floater 5,00,000                     NIL        5,00,000              NIL         5,00,000

1          5th Claim Floater 10,00,000                    NIL        10,00,000             NIL         10,00,000
Section C.d Optional Cover Applicability - Variant wise

Sr No  Optional Covers                   MAX                VYTL                 NXT                VIP                VIP+  MAX+       SAVR

1 Reduction in Specific                                                          2 years to 1 year
     Disease waiting period
                                     3 Years to 2 Years OR           3 Years to 2 Years OR                                   3 Years to 2 Years OR
2 Reduction in PED                   3 Years to 1 Year               3 Years to 1 Year                                       3 Years to 1 Year
     waiting period

3 Claim Protect                      NA                              Applicable                                              NA
                                                                     (Annexure 1 covered)
       (Non-Medical                                                                                                          Single Private Room OR
                                                                                                                             Shared Accommodation
       Expense Waiver)

4 Room Rent Type Options             Single Private Room OR                                              NA

                                     Shared Accommodation

5 Per Claim Deductible               INR 15,000 OR INR 25,000                                            NA                  INR 15,000 OR INR 25,000

6 Preferred Provider Network         10% discount applicable                                             NA                  10% discount applicable
     (PPN) Discount

7 Critical Illness cover                                 Critical Illness SI Options- 10 Lacs, 15 Lacs, 20 Lacs and 25 Lacs

8 Personal Accident Cover                                Personal Accident SI Options- 10 Lacs, 15 Lacs, 20 Lacs, 25 Lacs, and 50 Lacs

9 Super Credit                       NA                              100% of BSI per year,                                   NA
      (up to Max of 3 Cr
      under this benefit)                                            up to 500% of Base                                      Applicable for listed
                                                                                                                             Chronic conditions
10 Chronic Care (Day 1                                               Sum Insured                                             Applicable (Cashless)
      In-patient Hospitalization,
      PED and Initial WP waived)     Applicable for         NA       Applicable for                      NA

11 Chronic Management                listed Chronic                  listed Chronic
      Program (OPD)
                                     conditions                      conditions
12 Cancer Booster
      (Up to 100% of BSI)            Applicable             NA       Applicable                          NA

13 Durable equipment                 (Cashless)                      (Cashless)
      cover
                                     Applicable             NA       Applicable
14 Chronic Care (Day 1
      In-patient Hospitalization)    Combined                NA      Combined Sum Insured of INR 5 Lacs or                   NA         Combined Sum
      Restriction                    Sum Insured         Applicable  up to BSI, whichever is lower
                                     of INR 5 Lacs                                                                                      Insured of INR 5
15 Compassionate Visit               or up to BSI,                                                                 NA
                                     whichever is                                                                                       Lacs or up to BSI,
                                     lower
                                                                                                                                        whichever is lower
                                     NA

                                                         up to INR 50,000 for two-way travel fare if hospitalization exceeds 10 days

16 Second Medical Opinion                                                            Applicable
      for listed Major Illness                                       INR 10,000 / Member / Policy Year

17 Annual Screening Package
      for Cancer Diagnosed Patients

18 Annual Health Check up                           NA               Listed & Cashless                                       NA

19 Geographical extension to                                    NA                          Applicable                       NA
      include USA and Canada

         Section D. Waiting Period and Permanent Exclusions

All waiting periods and permanent exclusions shall apply individually for each Insured Person and claims shall be assessed accordingly. We shall not be
liable to make any payment under this Policy directly or indirectly for, caused by or arising out of or howsoever attributable to any of the following:

D.1 Standard Exclusions

D.1.1 Pre-Existing Diseases (Code- Excl01)
      a) Expenses related to the treatment of a pre-existing Disease (PED) and its direct complications shall be excluded until the expiry of years /
          months as specified in the Policy Schedule / Product Benefit Table of this Policy of continuous coverage after the date of inception of the
          first policy with Insurer
      b) In case of enhancement of sum insured the exclusion shall apply afresh to the extent of sum insured increase.
      c) If the Insured Person is continuously covered without any break as defined under the applicable norms on portability stipulated by IRDAI, then
          Waiting Period for the same would be reduced to the extent of prior coverage.
      d) Coverage under the Policy after the expiry of months as specified in the Policy Schedule / Product Benefit Table of this Policy for any
          pre-existing disease is subject to the same being declared at the time of application and accepted by Insurer.

                                                                                                                                                                                            Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP24097V012324
D.1.2 Specified disease / procedure waiting period: (Code- Excl02)

      a) Expenses related to the treatment of the listed Conditions, surgeries/treatments shall be excluded until the expiry of 24 months of continuous
          coverage after the date of inception of the first policy with Us. This exclusion shall not be applicable for claims arising due to an accident

      b) In case of enhancement of sum insured the exclusion shall apply afresh to the extent of sum insured increase.
      c) If any of the specified disease / procedure falls under the waiting period specified for pre-existing diseases, then the longer of the two waiting

          periods shall apply.
      d) The waiting period for listed conditions shall apply even if contracted after the Policy or declared and accepted without a specific exclusion.
      e) If the Insured Person is continuously covered without any break as defined under the applicable norms on portability stipulated by IRDAI, then
      waiting period for the same would be reduced to the extent of prior coverage.
      f) List of specific diseases / procedures:

Sr.No  Body System                  Illness                                                                    Treatment / Surgery
  1.   Eye                          Cataract                                                                   Cataract Surgery
                                    Glaucoma                                                                   Glaucoma Surgery
2. Ear Nose Throat                  Refractive Error Correction                                                Correction Surgery
                                    Sinusitis                                                                  Medical & Surgical Treatment
3. Gynecology                       Rhinitis                                                                   Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                    Tonsillitis & Adenitis                                                     Medical & Surgical Treatment
4. Orthopedic / Rheumatological     Tympanitis & Non Traumatic Perforation                                     Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                    Deviated Nasal Septum                                                      Medical & Surgical Treatment
5. Gastroenterology (Alimentary     Otitis Media                                                               Medical & Surgical Treatment
         Canal and related Organs)  Adenoiditis                                                                Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                    Mastoiditis                                                                Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                    Cholesteatoma                                                              Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                    All Cysts, Mass, Swelling, Lump, Granulomas, Polyps, Fibroids              Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                    & Benign Tumour of the female genito urinary system
                                    Polycystic Ovarian Disease                                                 Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                    Uterine Prolapse                                                           Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                    Fibroids (Fibromyoma)                                                      Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                    Breast lumps (excluding Malignant)                                         Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                    Dysfunctional Uterine Bleeding (DUB)                                       Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                    Endometriosis                                                              Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                    Menorrhagia                                                                Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                    Pelvic Inflammatory Disease                                                Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                    Gout                                                                       Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                    Rheumatism, Rheumatoid Arthritis                                           Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                    Non infective arthritis                                                    Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                    Osteoarthritis                                                             Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                    Osteoporosis                                                               Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                    Prolapse of the intervertebral disc                                        Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                    Spondilosis, Spondioarthritis, Spondylopathies                             Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                    Ankylosing Spondilitis / Spondylopathies                                   Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                    Psoriatic Arthritis / Arthropathy                                          Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                    Internal Derangement of Knee / Ligament or Tendon or Meniscus Tear         Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                    Joint Replacement Surgery                                                  Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                    Non Specific Arthritis                                                     Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                    Stone in Gall Bladder, Bile duct & other parts of Biliary System           Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                    Cholecystitis                                                              Surgical Treatment
                                    Pancreatitis                                                               Surgical Treatment
                                    Fissure, Fistula in ano, hemorrhoids (piles), Pilonidal Sinus,             Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                    Ano-rectal & Perianal Abscess
                                    Rectal Prolapse                                                            Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                    Gastric or Duodenal Erosions or Ulcers + Gastritis & Duodenitis & Colitis  Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                    Gastro Esophageal Reflux Disease (GERD)                                    Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                    Cirrhosis                                                                  Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                    Chronic Appendicitis                                                       Surgical Treatment
                                    Appendicular lump, Appendicular abscess                                    Medical & Surgical Treatment

                                                                                                               Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP24097V012324
6  Urogenital (Urinary and  Stones in Urinary system (Stone in the Kidney, Ureter, Urinary Bladder)  Medical & Surgical Treatment
                            Benign Hypertrophy / Enlargement of Prostate (BHP / BEP)                 Medical & Surgical Treatment
   Reproductive system)     Hernia, Hydrocele,                                                       Medical & Surgical Treatment
                            Varicocoele / Spermatocoele                                              Medical & Surgical Treatment
7  Skin                     Skin tumour (unless malignant)                                           Medical & Surgical Treatment
                            All skin diseases                                                        Medical & Surgical Treatment
8  General Surgery          Any swelling, tumour, cyst, nodule, ulcer, polyp Mass , Swelling,        Medical & Surgical Treatment
                            Lump, Granulomas, Benign Tumour anywhere in the body                     Medical & Surgical Treatment
                            (unless malignant)
                            Varicose veins, Varicose ulcers                                          Medical & Surgical Treatment

If any of the Illness / conditions listed above are Pre-Existing Diseases, then they shall be covered only after the completion of the Pre-Existing Disease
Waiting Period described in Section D.1. 1.

D.1.3 30-day waiting period (Code- Excl03)

      a) Expenses related to the treatment of any illness within 30 days from the first policy commencement date shall be excluded except claims arising due
          to an accident, provided the same are covered.

      b) This exclusion shall not, however, apply if the Insured Person has Continuous Coverage for more than twelve months.
      c) The within referred waiting period is made applicable to the enhanced sum insured in the event of granting higher sum insured subsequently.

D.1.4 Investigation & Evaluation (Code- Excl04)

      a) Expenses related to any admission primarily for diagnostics and evaluation purposes only are excluded.
      b) Any diagnostic expenses which are not related or not incidental to the current diagnosis and treatment are excluded.

D.1.5 Rest Cure, rehabilitation and respite care (Code- Excl05)

      a) Expenses related to any admission primarily for enforced bed rest and not for receiving treatment. This also includes:
          i. Custodial care either at home or in a nursing facility for personal care such as help with activities of daily living such as bathing, dressing,
                moving around either by skilled nurses or assistant or non-skilled persons.
          ii. Any services for people who are terminally ill to address physical, social, emotional and spiritual needs.

D.1.6 Obesity / Weight Control (Code- Excl06)

Expenses related to the surgical treatment of obesity that does not fulfil all the below conditions:

      1. Surgery to be conducted is upon the advice of the Doctor
      2. The surgery/Procedure conducted should be supported by clinical protocols
      3. The member has to be 18 years of age or older and
      4. Body Mass Index (BMI);

          a) greater than or equal to 40 or
          b) greater than or equal to 35 in conjunction with any of the following severe co-morbidities following failure of less invasive

                methods of weight loss:
                i. Obesity-related cardiomyopathy
                ii. Coronary heart disease
                iii. Severe Sleep Apnea
                iv. Uncontrolled Type2 Diabetes

D.1.7 Change-of-Gender treatments: (Code- Excl07)

Expenses related to any treatment, including surgical management, to change characteristics of the body to those of the opposite sex.

D.1.8. Cosmetic or plastic Surgery: (Code- Excl08)

Expenses for cosmetic or plastic surgery or any treatment to change appearance unless for reconstruction following an Accident, Burn(s) or Cancer or as
part of medically necessary treatment to remove a direct and immediate health risk to the insured. For this to be considered a medical necessity, it must be
certified by the attending Medical Practitioner.

D.1.9. Hazardous or Adventure sports: (Code- Excl09)

Expenses related to any treatment necessitated due to participation as a professional in hazardous or adventure sports, including but not limited to,
para-jumping, rock climbing, mountaineering, rafting, motor racing, horse racing or scuba diving, hand gliding, sky diving, deep sea diving.

D.1.10. Breach of law: (Code- Excl10)

Expenses for treatment directly arising from or consequent upon any Insured Person committing or attempting to commit a breach of law with
criminal intent.

                                                                                                     Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP24097V012324
D.1.11. Excluded Providers: (Code- Excl11)

Expenses incurred towards treatment in any hospital or by any Medical Practitioner or any other provider specifically excluded by the Insurer as disclosed
in website (www.adityabirlahealth.com/healthinsurance) / notified to the policyholders are not admissible. However, in case of life threatening situations
or following an accident, expenses up to the stage of stabilization are payable but not the complete claim.

D.1.12. Treatment for, Alcoholism, drug or substance abuse or any addictive condition and consequences thereof. (Code- Excl12)

D.1.13. Treatments received in heath hydros, nature cure clinics, spas or similar establishments or private beds registered as a nursing home attached to
such establishments or where admission is arranged wholly or partly for domestic reasons. (Code- Excl13)

D.1.14. Dietary supplements and substances that can be purchased without prescription, including but not limited to Vitamins, minerals and organic
substances unless prescribed by a medical practitioner as part of hospitalization claim or day care procedure (Code- Excl14)

D.1.15. Refractive Error:(Code- Excl15) - Expenses related to the treatment for correction of eye sight due to refractive error less than 7 .5 dioptres.

D.1.16. Unproven Treatments:(Code- Excl16)

Expenses related to any unproven treatment, services and supplies for or in connection with any treatment. Unproven treatments are treatments,
procedures or supplies that lack significant medical documentation to support their effectiveness.

D.1.17. Sterility and Infertility: (Code- Excl17)

Expenses related to sterility and infertility. This includes:
      i. Any type of contraception, sterilization
      ii. Assisted Reproduction services including artificial insemination and advanced reproductive technologies such as IVF, ZIFT, GIFT, ICSI
      iii. Gestational Surrogacy
      iv. Reversal of sterilization

D.1.18. Maternity Expenses (Code - Excl18):
      i. Medical treatment expenses traceable to childbirth (including complicated deliveries and caesarean sections incurred during hospitalization)
      except ectopic pregnancy;
          Expenses towards miscarriage (unless due to an accident) and lawful medical termination of pregnancy during the policy period

D.2 SpecifiDc.2ExSclpuesicoinfisc Exclusions

D.2.1 Circumstantial Exclusion

      a) Treatment resulting from war, invasion, civil war, revolt, or military involvement: Medical treatment that arises from or is related to acts of war,
          military operations, or involvement in armed forces activities

      b) Exclusion of certain acts and substances: Treatment or consequences related to unlawful acts, nuclear weapons/materials, chemical and
          biological weapons, radiation exposure, or contamination by radioactive materials or substances.
          The Insured Person's direct participation in terrorist acts.

D.2.2 Behavioural Exclusions

      a) Suicide or attempted suicide, intentionally hurting oneself on purpose;
      b) Illegal act of the Insured Persons
      c) Any treatment for Injury resulting from the consumption of alcohol or any intoxicating substance, its intake or abuse thereof

          the use of drugs (other than drugs taken under treatment prescribed and directed by a Medical Practitioner but not for the treatment of drug
      addiction)

D.2.3 Medical Exclusions

      a) All routine examinations and Health Check-ups except as per terms and conditions specified under Annual Health Check-up and Advanced
      Health Check-up in Appendix A
      b) Circumcisions (unless required for medical reasons or as part of a treatment plan for an illness or injury);
      c) Conditions for which treatment could have been done on an outpatient basis without any Hospitalization
      d) Preventive care, vaccinations and immunizations (except in case of post-bite treatment); any physical, psychiatric or psychological examinations

          or testing
      e) Admission for nutritional and electrolyte supplements unless certified by the attending medical practitioner that they are necessary as a direct

          result of a covered claim
      f) Any conditions or abnormalities that are present at birth and are visible on the outside of the body, as well as any related diseases or defects
      g) Stem cell therapy except Hematopoietic stem cells for bone marrow transplant for haematological conditions or Surgery, or growth hormone
      therapy or Hormone Replacement Therapy.
      h) Dental / oral treatment: Treatment, procedures and preventive, diagnostic, restorative, cosmetic services related to disease, disorder and

          conditions related to natural teeth and gingiva except if required by an Insured Person while Hospitalized due to an Accident
      i) AYUSH Treatment Any form of AYUSH Treatments, except as specified under AYUSH Treatment in Appendix A

D.2.4 Prosthesis and Devices

      a) Hearing aids, spectacles or contact lenses including optometric therapy, multifocal lens
      b) Wigs, or toupees, and related expenses.
      c) Expenses for prosthesis (artificial body parts), corrective devices, external durable medical equipment, wheelchairs, crutches, or instruments
      used in the diagnosis/ treatment of sleep apnea syndrome and other sleep disorders or continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (C.A.P.D.),

          Devices used for ambulatory monitoring of blood pressure, blood sugar, glucometers, nebulizers and oxygen concentrator for bronchial asthma/
          COPD conditions, cost of cochlear implant(s) unless necessitated by an Accident.

D.2.5 Non-Medical expenses

      As mentioned under Annexure (I), items in List I II, III & IV will be excluded unless forms a part of In-patient hospitalization.

                                                                                                                                                                                            Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP24097V012324
D.2.6 Specific treatment Exclusion

      Treatment involving Rotational Field Quantum Magnetic Resonance (RFQMR), External Counter Pulsation (ECP), Enhanced External Counter
      Pulsation (EECP), Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy, KTP Laser Surgeries, cyber knife treatment, Femto laser surgeries, bioabsorbable stents,
      bioabsorbable valves, bioabsorbable implants, use of Radio Frequency (RF) probe for ablation.

D.2.7 Activities and Profession Exclusions

      a) Treatment received from a person who is not recognized as a registered Medical Practitioner by any state medical council or the medical council
          of India.

      b) Medical or treatment fees charged by unlicensed and unauthorized practitioners are not covered
      c) Treatments provided by a Medical Practitioner who is a family member of the Insured Person or resides in the same household, unless

          pre-approval is obtained from Us.

D.2.8 Geographical Exclusion

Treatment taken outside India, unless specified to be covered in the Policy Schedule.

Section E. General Terms and Conditions

E.1. Standard General Terms and Clauses
E.1.1. Free Look Period

The Free Look Period shall be applicable on new individual health insurance policies, except for those policies with tenure of less than a year. Free-look shall
not be applicable on renewals or at the time of porting / migrating the policy.

The Insured Person shall be allowed free look period of thirty days from date of receipt of the policy document, whether received electronically or otherwise,
to review the terms and conditions of the policy, and to return the same if not acceptable.

lf the insured has not made any claim during the Free Look Period, the insured shall be entitled to:
      i. A refund of the premium paid, less any expenses incurred by the Company on medical examination of the Insured Person and stamp duty charges,
          where the risk has not commenced or
      ii. Where the risk has already commenced and the option of return of the policy is exercised by the Insured Person, a deduction towards the
          proportionate risk premium for period of cover, expenses, if any incurred by the Company on medical examination of the Insured Person and
          stamp duty charges or
      iii. Where only a part of the insurance coverage has commenced, such proportionate premium commensurate with the insurance coverage during
          such period, expenses, if any incurred by the Company on medical examination of the Insured Person and stamp duty charges.
          A request received by insurer for cancellation of the policy during free look period shall be processed and premium shall be refunded within 7
          days of receipt of such request.

E.1.2. Cancellation

      a) The Policyholder may cancel this policy by giving 7 days' written notice and in such an event, the Company shall
          a. refund proportionate premium for unexpired policy period, if the term of policy upto one year and there is no claim (s) made during the policy
                period.

          b. refund premium for the unexpired policy period, in respect of policies with term more than 1 year and risk coverage for such policy years has not
                commenced.

          Note: For Policies where premium is paid by instalment: In case of admissible claim under the Policy, future instalment for the current Policy Year will
          be adjusted in the claim amount and no refund of any premium will be applicable during the Policy Year

      b) Notwithstanding anything contained herein or otherwise, no refunds of premium shall be made in respect of Cancellation where, any claim has been
          admitted or has been lodged or any benefit has been availed by the Insured Person under the Policy.

          A refund in accordance with a).a or a).b above shall be applicable for `Yearly / Annual / One Time' premium payment frequency

          No refund is applicable for Half Yearly, Quarterly & Monthly premium frequencies.

      c) In case of death of an Insured Person, proportionate refund of the premium for the deceased Insured Person will be refunded, provided there is
          no history of claim.

      d) The Company may cancel the Policy at any time on grounds of misrepresentation non-disclosure of material facts, fraud by the Insured Person
          by giving 15 days' written notice. There would be no refund of premium on cancellation on grounds of misrepresentation, non-disclosure of
          material facts or fraud

      e) Treatment of HealthReturnsTM on Cancellation:
          All coverage, benefits, earning on HealthReturnsTM, shall automatically lapse upon cancellation of the Policy. However, any unclaimed and accrued
          HealthReturnsTM (from Previous Policy Year / month) shall be available for a claim over the next 3 month period from the date of cancellation /
          termination

E.1.3. Renewal of Policy

The Policy shall ordinarily be renewable except on grounds of fraud, misrepresentation by the Insured Person.
      i. The Company shall endeavour to give notice for renewal. However, the Company is not under obligation to give any notice for renewal.
      ii. Renewal shall not be denied on the ground that the Insured Person had made a claim or claims in the preceding Policy Years.
      iii. Request for renewal along with requisite premium shall be received by the Company before the end of the Policy Period.
      iv. At the end of the Policy Period, the policy shall terminate and can be renewed within the Grace Period of fifteen days where premium payment mode
          is monthly and thirty days in all other cases to maintain continuity of benefits without break in policy.
          Coverage is not available during the grace period.
      v. The insurer shall condone a delay in renewal up to the grace period from the due date of renewal without considering such condonation as a
          break in policy.
      vi. No loading shall apply on renewals based on individual claims experience
      Vii. An insurer shall not resort to fresh underwriting unless there is an increase in sum insured. In case increase in sum insured is requested by the
          policyholder, the Insurer may underwrite only to the extent of increased of sum insured.

E.1.4. Possibility of Revision of Terms of the Policy Including the Premium Rates

The Company, may revise or modify the terms of the Policy including the premium rates with prior approval of the Product Management Committee, of the

Company. The Insured Person shall be notified three months before the changes are effected.  Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP24097V012324
E.1.5. Nomination

The Policyholder is required at the inception of the Policy and at the time of renewal to make a nomination for the
purpose of payment of claims under the Policy in the event of death of the Policyholder. Nomination can be changed any time during the term of the policy.
Any change of nomination shall be communicated to the Company in writing and such change shall be effective only when an endorsement on the Policy is
made. ln the event of death of the Policyholder, the Company will pay the nominee as named in the Policy Schedule (if any) and in case there is no subsisting
nominee, to the legal heirs or legal representatives of the Policyholder whose discharge shall be treated as full and final discharge of its liability under the
Policy

E.1.6. Fraud

lf any claim made by the Insured Person, is in any respect fraudulent, or if any false statement, or declaration is made or used in support thereof, or if any
fraudulent means or devices are used by the Insured Person or anyone acting on his/her behalf to obtain any benefit under this Policy, all benefits under this
policy and the premium paid shall be forfeited.
Any amount already paid against claims made under this policy but which are found fraudulent later shall be repaid by all recipient(s)/Policyholder(s), who has
made that particular claim, who shall be jointly and severally liable for such repayment to the insurer.

For the purpose of this clause, the expression "fraud" means any of the following acts committed by the Insured Person or by his agent or the hospital/doc-
tor/any other party acting on behalf of the Insured Person, with intent to deceive the insurer or to induce the insurer to issue an insurance policy:

a) the suggestion, as a fact of that which is not true and which the Insured Person does not believe to be true;
b) the active concealment of a fact by the Insured Person having knowledge or belief of the fact;
c) any other act fitted to deceive and:
d) any such act or omission as the law specially declares to be fraudulent

The Company shall not repudiate the claim and / or forfeit the policy benefits on the ground of Fraud, if the Insured Person / beneficiary can prove that the
misstatement was true to the best of his knowledge and there was no deliberate intention to suppress the fact or that such misstatement of or suppression
of material fact are within the knowledge of the Company.

E.1.7. Withdrawal of Policy

i. ln the likelihood of this product being withdrawn in future, the Company will intimate the Insured Person about the same 90 days prior to expiry of
      the policy.

ii. lnsured Person will have the option to migrate to similar health insurance product available with the Company at the time of renewal with all the
      accrued continuity benefits to the extent of Sum Insured, Specific waiting periods, waiting period for Pre-existing disease, moratorium period, Super
      Credit, waiver of Waiting Period, provided the Policy has been maintained without a break.

E.1.8. Redressal of Grievance:

ln case of any grievance the Insured Person/Policyholder may contact the Website: https://www.adityabirlacapital.com/healthinsurance/faqs
Toll- Free: 1800 270 7000
E-mail: care.healthinsurance@adityabirlacapital.com
(Senior citizens may write to us at: seniorcitizen.healthinsurance@adityabirlacapital.com)
In case you are not satisfied with the resolution you may write to Head ­ Customer Care : carehead.healthinsurance@adityabirlacapital.com
Courier:
Write to our HO at below address
Unit no 1101 & 1104 11th floor,
Unit no 1501 & 1502 15th floor,
G Corp Tech Park, Kasarwadavali,
Ghodbunder Road, Thane West-400601
lnsured Person may also approach the grievance cell at any of the Company's branches with the details of grievance.

If lnsured Person is not satisfied with the redressal of grievance through one of the above methods, Insured Person may contact the grievance officer
at:gro.healthinsurance@adityabirlacapital.com
If Insured Person is not satisfied with the redressal of grievance through above methods, the Insured Person may also approach the office of Insurance
Ombudsman of the respective area / region for redressal of grievance as per Insurance Ombudsman Rules 2017 (at the addresses given in Annexure II)
Grievance may also be lodged at IRDAI Integrated Grievance Management System-https://bimabharosa.irdai.gov.in/

E.1.9. Claim settlement (Provision for Penal interest)

a) Settlement of claims (other than cashless) shall be settled within 15 days from submission of claim.
b) In the case of delay in the payment of a claim, the Company shall be liable to pay interest from the date of receipt of claim intimation till the date of

      payment of claim at a rate of 2% above the bank rate.
      (Explanation: "Bank rate" shall mean rate fixed by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) which is prevalent as on 1 st day of the financial year in which the claim
      has fallen due)

E.1.10. Moratorium Period

After completion of sixty continuous months of coverage (including portability and migration) in health insurance policy, no policy and claim shall be contest-
able by the insurer on grounds of non-disclosure, misrepresentation, except on grounds of established fraud. This period of
sixty continuous months is called as moratorium period. The moratorium would be applicable for the sums insured of the first policy. Wherever, the sum
insured is enhanced, completion of sixty continuous months would be applicable from the date of enhancement of sums insured only on the enhanced limits.
The accrued credits gained under the ported and migrated policies shall be counted for the purpose of calculating the Moratorium period

                                                                                                                                                                                            Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP24097V012324
E.1.11. Multiple Policies

      i. ln case of multiple policies taken by an Insured Person during a period from one or more insurers to indemnify treatment costs, the Insured Person
          shall have the right to require a settlement of his/her claim in terms of any of his / her policies. ln all such cases the insurer chosen by the Insured
          Person shall be treated as the primary Insurer and shall be obliged to settle the claim as long as the claim is within the limits of and according to the
          terms of the chosen policy

      ii. lnsured person having multiple policies shall also have the right to prefer claims under this policy for the amounts disallowed under any other
          policy / policies even if the Sum Insured is not exhausted. Then the Insurer shall independently settle the claim subject to the terms and
          conditions of this Policy.

      iii. lf the amount to be claimed exceeds the sum insured under a single policy, the Primary Insurer shall seek the details of other available policies
          of the policyholder and shall coordinate with other Insurers to ensure settlement of the balance amount as per the policy conditions.

      iv. Where an insured person has policies from more than one insurer to cover the same risk on indemnity basis, the insured person shall only be
          indemnified the treatment costs in accordance with the terms and conditions of the chosen policy.

Benefit based covers:
On occurrence of the insured event, the policyholders are entitled to claim from all the insurers under all Policies

E.1.12. Migration

The Insured Person will have the option to migrate the Policy to other health insurance products / plans, offered by the Company, by applying for migration of
the policy at least 30 days before the policy renewal date. If such person is presently covered and has been continuously covered without any lapses under any
health insurance product / plan offered by the Company, the Insured Person will get the accrued continuity benefits to the extent of the Sum Insured,
Cumulative Bonus if any, Specific Waiting periods, waiting period for pre-existing diseases, Moratorium period, provided the policy was renewed continuously
without break.

For detailed guidelines on Migration, kindly refer the link
https://www.adityabirlacapital.com/healthinsurance/downloads

E.1.13. Portability

The Insured Person will have the option to port the Policy to other insurers by applying to such Insurer to port the entire policy along with all the members of
the family, if any, at least 30 days before, but not earlier than 60 days from the policy renewal date. If such person is presently covered and has been continu-
ously covered without any lapses under any health insurance policy with an Indian General/Health insurer, the proposed Insured Person will get the accrued
continuity benefits to the extent of the Sum Insured, Cumulative Bonus, if any, specific waiting periods, waiting period for pre-existing disease, Moratorium
period, provided the policy was renewed continuously without break.

For detailed guidelines on Portability, kindly refer the link
https://www.adityabirlacapital.com/healthinsurance/downloads

E.1.14. Disclosure of Information

The Policy shall be void and all premium paid thereon shall be forfeited to the Company in the event of misrepresentation, mis-description or non-disclosure
of any material fact by the policyholder.
(Explanation: "Material facts" for the purpose of this policy shall mean all relevant information sought by the company in the proposal form and other connect-
ed documents to enable it to take informed decision in the context of underwriting the risk)

E.1.15. Condition Precedent to Admission of Liability

The terms and conditions of the policy must be fulfilled by the Insured Person for the Company to make any payment for claim(s) arising under the Policy

E.1.16. Complete Discharge

Any payment to the policyholder, Insured Person or his/ her nominees or his/ her legal representative or assignee or to the Hospital, as the case may be, for
any benefit under the policy shall be a valid discharge towards payment of claim by the Company to the extent of that amount for the particular claim.

E.1.17. Premium Payment in Instalments

lf the Insured Person has opted for Payment of Premium on an instalment basis i.e. Half Yearly, Quarterly or Monthly, as mentioned in the Policy Schedule/Cer-
tificate of insurance, the following Conditions shall apply (notwithstanding any terms contrary elsewhere in the policy)

      i. Grace Period of (15) fifteen days in case of monthly premium policies, and a period of 30 days in case of other than monthly premium policies would be
          given to pay the instalment premium due for the policy.

      ii. The Policy will be in force during such grace period and any claims arising during the Grace Period will be payable subject to policy terms and
          conditions.

      iii. The Insured Person will get the accrued continuity benefit in respect of the "Waiting Periods", "Specific Waiting Periods" in the event of payment
          of premium within the stipulated grace Period.

      iv. No interest will be charged lf the instalment premium is not paid on due date
      v. ln case of instalment premium due not received within the grace period, the policy will get cancelled.
      vi. ln the event of a claim, all subsequent premium instalments shall immediately become due and payable
      vii. The Company has the right to recover and deduct all the pending instalments from the claim amount due under the Policy.

                                                                                                                                                                                            Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP24097V012324
         E.2. Specific Terms and Clauses

E.2.1. Automatic Cancellation:

Cover under the Policy shall automatically terminate in the event of death of the all Insured Person(s). A refund in accordance with the table in Section
E.1.2 (Cancellation) shall be payable provided that no claim has been admitted or lodged or not benefit has been availed by the Insured Person under the Policy

However, the cover shall continue for the remaining Insured Persons, if any, till the end of Policy Period. The other Insured Persons may also apply to renew
the Policy. In case, the other Insured Person is minor, the Policy shall be renewed only through any one of his / her natural guardian or guardians appointed by
court. All relevant particulars in respect of such person (including his / her relationship with the Insured Person) must be submitted to the Company along with
the application. Provided no claim has been made, and termination takes place on account of death of the Insured Person, pro-rata refund of premium of the
deceased Insured Person for the balance period of the Policy will be effective.
Automatic change in coverage under the Policy: Upon exhaustion of Sum Insured and Super Credit, for the Policy Year. However, the Policy is subject to Renewal
on the due date as per the applicable terms and conditions.

E.2.2. Material Change

Material information to be disclosed includes every matter that You are aware of, or could reasonably be expected to know, that relates to questions in the
Proposal Form and which is relevant to Us in order to accept the risk of insurance. You must exercise the same duty to disclose those matters to Us before the
Renewal, extension, variation, or endorsement of the contract. The Policy terms and conditions shall not be altered.

E.2.3. No Constructive Notice

Any knowledge or information of any circumstance or condition in relation to the Policyholder / Insured Person which is in Our possession and not specifically
informed by the Policyholder / Insured Person shall not be held to bind or prejudicially affect Us notwithstanding subsequent acceptance of any premium

E.2.4. Additional premium (Risk Loading)

i. The Company may apply loading on the premium, specific Waiting Period or any permanent exclusions, based on the declarations made in the Proposal Form
and the health status, habits and lifestyle, past medical records, and the results of the Pre-Policy medical examination of the persons proposed to be insured
under the Policy
ii. Loadings shall be applied from Commencement Date including subsequent Renewal(s), and on increased Sum Insured
iii. Proposer shall be informed about the proposed loading with premium, specific Waiting Period or permanent exclusion (if any) through a counter offer letter
and Policy will be issued only on specific acceptance within 15 days of the receipt of such counter offer letter. In case the Company does not receive any
response to the counter offer letter from the proposer within 15 days, the application shall be cancelled and any premium received shall be refunded within 7
days.

E.2.5. Other Renewal Conditions:

a. Renewal Premium:
      Renewal premium will alter based on Age. For Floater plan, the age of eldest Insured Person will be considered for calculating the premium.

b. Addition of Insured Persons on Renewal:
      If a new member is added in the Policy, either by way of endorsement or at the time of Renewal, the Pre-existing Disease clause, exclusions, loading
      (if any) and Waiting Periods will be applicable afresh for that member.
      Option of Mid-term inclusion of a Person in the Policy as an Insured will be only upon marriage or childbirth (inclusion of child only after completed
      90 days and less than 1 year of age), Additional differential premium will be calculated on a pro rata basis. Otherwise child addition can happen only
      in next Renewal or at the start of next Policy Year in multi-year policies.

c. Changes to Sum Insured on Renewal:
      You may opt for enhancement of Sum Insured at the time of Renewal, subject to underwriting. All Waiting Periods as defined in the Policy shall apply
      afresh for this enhanced limit from the effective date of such enhancement

d. We shall not be liable for any claim arising out of an ailment suffered or Hospitalization commencing or disease / Illness / condition contracted
      during the period between the expiry of previous Policy and date of inception of subsequent Policy and such disease/Illness / condition shall be
      treated as a Pre-Existing Disease.

e. Any unutilised funds under HealthReturnsTM (from the previous Policy year / month) will be available for claims during the Grace Period.
f. You shall not be able to earn HealthReturnsTM during the Grace Period.
g. In case the Policy is not renewed before the end of the Grace Period, any unutilized funds under HealthReturnsTM shall be available for a claim as

      up to a period of 3 months from the date of expiry of the Policy.
h. If the Insured Persons in the expiring Policy are covered in an Individual Policy, and such expiring Policy has been Renewed with Us on a Family

      Floater Policy basis then the accumulated amount under HealthReturnsTM that will be carried forward in such Renewed Policy shall be the total of
      all the Insured Persons moving out and shall be maintained on an Individual Policy basis.
i. If the Insured Persons in the expiring Policy are in a Family Floater Policy and such Insured Persons renew their expiring Policy with Us by splitting
      the Sum Insured in to two or more Family Floater Policy / Individual Policies then the accumulated amount under HealthReturnsTM shall be
      apportioned to such Renewed Policies in the proportion of the Sum Insured of each Renewed Policy.
j. You shall disclose to Us in writing of any chronic condition acquired by any Insured Person at the time of seeking Renewal of this Policy or during
      the Policy tenure, irrespective of any claim arising or made.
k. Wherever the Sum Insured is reduced on any Policy Renewals, the waiting periods as mentioned in the Policy Schedule shall be waived only up to
      the lowest Sum Insured as applicable to the relevant waiting periods of the Plan in force.
l. Where an Insured Person is added to this Policy, either by way of endorsement, all waiting periods under Section D.1.1 (Pre-Existing Diseases
      (Code- Excl01)), D.1.2 (Specified disease / procedure waiting period: (Code- Excl02)) and D.1.3 (30-day waiting period (Code- Excl03)) will be
      applicable considering such Policy Year as the first year of Policy with Us with respect to the Insured Person.
m. Applicable Super Credit shall be accrued on each Renewal as per eligibility under the plan in force.
n. In case of Family Floater Policies, children attaining 25 years at the time of Renewal will be moved out of the floater into an individual cover.
      However, all continuity benefits for such Insured Person on the Policy will remain intact. No Claim Bonus earned on the Policy will stay with the
      Insured Persons(s) covered under the original Policy.

E.2.6. Records to be maintained

You or the Insured Person, as the case may be shall keep an accurate record containing all relevant medical records and shall allow Us or Our representative(s)
to inspect such records. You or the Insured Person as the case may be, shall furnish such information as may be required by Us under this Policy at any time
during the Policy Period and up to three years after the Policy expiration, or until final adjustment (if any) and resolution of all claims under this Policy.

                                                                                                                                                                                            Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP24097V012324
E.2.7 Claims

The fulfilment of the terms and conditions of this Policy (including the requirements in this Section) in so far as they relate to anything to be done or complied
with by You or any Insured Person, including complying with the following in relation to claims, shall be Conditions Precedent to admission of Our liability under
this Policy:

a) Notification of a Claim
Notice with full particulars shall be sent to the Company as under:
i. Within 24 hours from the date of emergency Hospitalization required or before the Insured Person's discharge from Hospital, whichever is earlier.
ii. At least 48 hours prior to admission in Hospital in case of a planned Hospitalization or decision to avail treatment under Section Home Health Care as

      specified in Appendix A.
iii. If the claim is not notified to Us within the timelines indicated in this Section, then We shall be provided the reasons for the delay in writing. We will

      condone such delay on merits where the delay has been proved to be for reasons beyond the claimant's control.

         Type of claim                                            Prescribed Time Limit
                                                                  Within 30 days of date of discharge from Hospital.
         Reimbursement of Hospitalization, Day Care Treatment or
         Pre Hospitalization Expenses or Hospital Cash Cover for
         Parents OR Parents-in-law

         Reimbursement of Post Hospitalization Expenses           Within 15 days from completion of post Hospitalization treatment.

b). List of documents required for a Claim

The reimbursement claim is to be supported with the following documents and submitted within the prescribed time limit.
i. Duly Completed claim form,
ii. Photo ID and Age Proof,
iii. Copy of the Hospital's Registration Certificate / Hospital Registration number in case of Hospitalization in any non-Network Provider of the

      Company or certificate from Hospital authorities providing facilities available including number of beds,
iv. Discharge Card / Day Care Summary / Transfer Summary,
v. Final Hospital bill with all original deposit and final payment receipt and refund receipt(s), if advance amount refunded,
vi. Invoice with payment receipt and implant stickers for all implants used during Surgeries e.g. lens sticker and invoice in cataract Surgery,

      stent invoice and sticker in Angioplasty Surgery,
vii. All previous consultation papers indicating history and treatment details for current Illness and advice for current Hospitalization,
viii. All diagnostic reports (including imaging and laboratory) along with prescription by Medical Practitioner and invoice / bill with receipt from

      diagnostic centre,
ix. All medicine / pharmacy bills along with prescription by Medical Practitioner,
x. MLC / FIR Copy ­ in Accident cases only,
xi. History of alcohol consumption or any intoxication certified by first treating doctor in case of Accident cases,
xii. Copy of Death Summary and copy of Death Certificate (in death claims only),
xiii. Copy of indoor case papers with nursing sheet detailing medical history of the Insured Person, treatment details, and patient's progress (to be

      submitted wherever required by the Company).
xiv. Invoice for vaccination and payment receipt,
xv. Original invoices for the expenses incurred towards ambulance facility along with details of loss in the Company's prescribed format,
xvi. KYC documents of the Policyholder as per AML guidelines,
xvii. Duly filled NEFT form with cancelled blank cheque (with IFSC code, A/C number, and name mentioned on cheque leaf),
xviii. Legal heir/succession certificate, wherever applicable,
xix. Additional documents for claims outside India of Insured Person and Accompanying Person (as applicable) ­

      · Passport copy with entry and exit stamps
      · Flight Tickets and Boarding Pass, if applicable
      · Accommodation Invoices, if applicable
      · Written advice from the overseas treating Medical Practitioner for requirement of an accompanying person during treatment.
      · Additional documents as specified under each benefit
xx. Any other relevant document required by Company for assessment of the claim.

Note:    The Company shall only accept bills / invoices / medical treatment related documents only in the Insured Person's name for whom the claim is
      ·  submitted.
         In the event of a claim lodged under the Policy and the original documents having been submitted to any other insurer, the Company shall accept
      ·  the copy of the documents and claim settlement advice, duly certified by the other insurer subject to satisfaction of the Company.
         If requested by the Company, at the Company's cost, the Insured Person must submit to medical examination by Medical Practitioner appointed
      ·  by the Company as often as it is considered reasonable and necessary and Company's representatives must be permitted to inspect the medical
         and Hospitalization records pertaining to the Insured Person's treatment, and to investigate the circumstances pertaining to the claim.

Any delay in notification or submission may be condoned on merit where delay is proved to be for reasons beyond the control of the Insured Person

E.2.7.1 Claims Procedure for Benefits other than Personal Accident and Critical Illness

On the occurrence or the discovery of any Illness or Injury that may give rise to a claim under this Policy, then as a Condition Precedent to Our liability under
the Policy the following procedure shall be complied with:

a) For Availing Cashless Facility
      i. Cashless Facilities can be availed only at Our Network Providers. The complete list of Network Providers is available on Our website and at Our
      branches and can also be obtained by contacting Us over the telephone.
      ii. We reserve the right to modify, add or restrict any Network Provider for Cashless Facilities at Our sole discretion. Before availing Cashless
      Facilities, please check the applicable updated list of Network Providers.

b) Process for Obtaining Pre-Authorisation for Planned Treatment:
      i. It is advisable that we must be contacted to pre-authorise Cashless Facility for planned treatment at least 72 hours prior to the proposed
          treatment. Each request for pre-authorisation must be accompanied with all the following details:

                                                                                         Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP24097V012324
      1. The Policy Number;
      2. Nature of the Illness/Injury and the treatment/Surgery required;
      3. Name and address of the attending Medical Practitioner;
      4. Hospital where treatment/Surgery is proposed to be taken;
      5. Proposed date of admission.
      6. Preauthorisation form dully filed sign and stamp by hospital and insured / relative
      7. Insured ID card
      8. Policy copy
      9. All Past consultation papers
      10. CKYC form with CKYC number mandatory for all claims. (PAN & Aadhar card of Proposer both are Mandatory as per IRDA Guideline).

      ii. If these details are not provided in full or are insufficient for Us to consider the request, We will request additional information or documentation
          in respect of that request.

      iii. When we have obtained sufficient details to assess the request, We will issue the authorization letter specifying the sanctioned amount, any
      specific limitation on the claim, applicable Deductibles and non-payable items, if applicable, or reject the request for pre-authorisation

          specifying reasons for the rejection.
      iv. The Authorization letter shall be issued to the Network Provider within 24 hours of receiving the complete information.

c) Process to be followed for Availing Cashless Facilities in Emergencies:
      i. We must be contacted to pre-authorise Cashless Facility within 24 hours of the Insured Person's Hospitalization if the Insured Person has been
          Hospitalized in an Emergency. Each request for pre-authorisation must be accompanied with all the following details:
          1. The Policy Number;
          2. Nature of the Illness / Injury and the treatment / Surgery required;
          3. Name and address of the attending Medical Practitioner;
          4. Hospital where treatment / Surgery is proposed to be taken;
          5. Proposed date of admission.
          6. Preauthorisation form dully filed sign and stamp by hospital and insured / relative.
          7. CKYC form with CKYC number mandatory for all claims. (PAN & Aadhar card of Proposer both are Mandatory as per IRDA Guideline).
          8. Discharge summary/Day care Summary/ Death summary
          9. Final hospital bills with detailed item and cost wise break up
          10. Investigation reports supporting to initial and final diagnosis
          11. Complete set of Indoor case paper with TPR / BP / Nursing and Medicine chart
          12. Implant invoice / sticker / Post operative x ray in surgical Management cases
          13. FIR/Medico Legal Certificate in accidental claim
          14. Operation Theatre notes in surgical Management cases
          15. Consultation papers
          16. Past history and duration of chronic ailments , co morbid condition and diseases if any , supported with first consultation papers.

      ii. If these details are not provided in full or are insufficient for Us to consider the request, We will request additional information or documentation
          in respect of that request.

      iii. When we have obtained sufficient details to assess the request, We will issue the authorization letter specifying the sanctioned amount, any
          specific limitation on the claim, applicable Deductibles and non-payable items, if applicable, or reject the request for pre-authorisation
          specifying reasons for the rejection.

      iv. Once the request for pre-authorisation has been granted, the treatment must take place within 15 days of the pre- authorization date at a
          Network Provider and pre-authorization shall be valid only if all the details of the authorized treatment, including dates, Hospital and locations,
          match with the details of the actual treatment received. For Hospitalization where Cashless Facility is pre-authorised by Us, We will make the
          payment of the amounts assessed to be due directly to the Network Provider.

      v. The Authorization letter shall be issued to the Network Provider within 24 hours of receiving the complete information.

d) For Reimbursement Claims:
      i. For all claims for which Cashless Facilities have not been pre-authorised or for which treatment has not been taken at a Network Provider, We
          shall be given written notice of the claim along with the following details within 48 hours of admission to the Hospital or before discharge from
          the Hospital, whichever is earlier:
          1. The Policy Number;
          2. Name of the Policyholder;
          3. Name and address of the Insured Person in respect of whom the request is being made;
          4. Health Card, Photo ID, KYC documents
          5. Nature of Illness or Injury and the treatment / Surgery taken;
          6. Name and address of the attending Medical Practitioner;
          7. Hospital where treatment / Surgery was taken;
          8. Date of admission and date of discharge;
          9. Any other information that may be relevant to the Illness / Injury / Hospitalization

      II. If the claim is not notified to Us within the earlier of 48 hours of the Insured Person's admission to the Hospital or before the Insured Person's
          discharge from the Hospital, then We shall be provided the reasons for the delay in writing.

e) Claims Documentation:
      We shall be provided the following necessary information and documentation in respect of all Claims at Your/Insured Person's expense within 30 days of
      the Insured Person's discharge from Hospital:
      i. Claims for Pre-Hospitalization Medical Expenses and Post Hospitalization Medical Expenses to be submitted to us within 30 days of the
          completion of the post hospitalization treatment
      ii. For those claims for which the use of Cashless Facility has been authorised, We will be provided these documents by the Network Provider
          immediately following the Insured Person's discharge from Hospital:
          1. Duly filled and signed Claim Form Part A
          2. Duly filled and signed Claim Form Part B for hospitalization claim
          3. Proposer's ID Proof : PAN Card & Adhaar card (If CKYC not registered). If CKYC registered: CKYC form and CKYC number
          4. Copy of claim intimation letter / reference of Claim Intimation Number in the absence of main claim documents)
          5. Copy of the Network Provider's Registration Certificate / Copy of Form C in case of Hospitalization.
          6. Original Discharge Card / Day Care Summary / Transfer Summary
          7. Original Hospital Final Bill with detailed break up and all original Deposit & Final Payment Receipts.
          8. Original Invoice with Payment receipt & implant Stickers for all Implants used during Surgeries i.e. Lens Sticker & Invoice in Cataract
                Surgery, Stent Invoice & Sticker in Angioplasty Surgery.
          9. All previous consultation papers indicating history & treatment details for current ailment
          10. All original diagnostic reports (including imaging and laboratory) along with Medical Practitioner's prescription & invoice / bill with receipt
                from diagnostic centre
          11. All Original Medicine / Pharmacy Bills along with Medical Practitioner's prescription
          12. MLC / FIR Copy ­ in Accidental Cases Only
          13. Copy of Death Summary & Copy Death Certificate (in Death Claims Only)

                                                                                                                                                                                            Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP24097V012324
14. Pre & Post-Operative Imaging reports ­ for Accident Cases Only
15. Copy of Indoor case papers with nursing sheet detailing medical history of the patient, treatment details, & patient's progress (if available)
16. Treating Medical Practitioner letter stating:

    · Presenting complaints with duration & past history
    · Medical history of Co-morbidities e.g. Hypertension, Heart ailment etc.
    · Treatment detail with name of drugs & route of administration
17. Treating Medical Practitioner letter stating ­ for Accident Cases Only
    · Details of Accident/trauma
    · Whether patient was under the influence of alcohol or any intoxicating substance during incident / Accident
18. KYC documents in accordance with the provisions of the regulations, circulars and guidelines issued by the IRDAI with respect to KYC from time to
    time.
19. Legal Heir / Succession Certificate in case of Proposer's Death
20. Affidavit-NOC from other Legal Heirs in Stamp Paper certified by Notary Public (In case of settlement to one Legal Heir)
21. Investigation / Diagnostic Reports Including CT / MRI / USG / HPE / ECG / X-Ray / MRI / CT Films and reports
22. Doctor Consultation Bills and consultation papers
23. All previous consultation papers
24. Medico Legal Case (MLC) / Accident Report (AR) / (In case of Accident)
25. First Information Report (FIR) in case of Accident
26. Proposer's Bank Account Details- Cancelled Cheque Leaf with Proposer name pre-printed OR Bank Passbook 1st page
27. Nominee / Legal Heir Bank Account Details-Cancelled Cheque Leaf / Passbook / Bank Statement (in case of Proposer's Death)

Additional documents in case of below covers
In case of Multiple Policy claims:

      1. Photocopy of entire claim document duly attested by previous Insurer or TPA
      2. Original payment receipts for expenses not claimed / settled by previous insurer
      3. Discharge voucher / settlement letter by previous insurer

Road Ambulance Cover:
      1. Photocopy of discharge card
      2. Original Ambulance invoice & paid receipt

E.2.7.2 Claim Procedure for Personal Accident, Critical Illness Benefit

a) Intimation of Claim

You or anyone on behalf of the Insured Person(s) shall intimate a claim to Us within 7 days from the date of the Accident or diagnosis of the Critical Illness or
admission in the Hospital (as the case may be) by any of the following means

      · Call centre
      · Email
      · Fax
      · Writing to Our office address

The following minimum details are required to be provided at the time of intimation of claim:
      i. The Policy number;
      ii. Name of the Policyholder;
      iii. Name and address of the Insured Person in respect of whom the request is being made

b) Claim Documents:

The claims documents as specified in below sections for various covers must be provided to Us within 30 days of occurrence of the event giving rise to a claim
under the Policy at Your own / Insured Person's expenses.
Where there is a delay in intimation of claim and / or submission of claim documents is proved to be genuine and for reasons beyond the control of the
claimant, We may condone such delay and process the claim. We reserve the right to decline such requests for claim process where there is no merit behind
such delay.

b.1. Personal Accident Cover

Documents required for all Benefits under Personal Accident Cover
      1. Photo ID and Age proof of Insured Person / Nominee (if Insured Person is not alive);
      2. Claim intimation or claim reference number (if any);
      3. Attested copy of medico legal certificate copy / first information report copy / Panchnama (spot / inquest);
      4. Copies of consultation letters detailing the treatment taken immediately after Accident;
      5. Radiological investigation reports like X ray, CT scan, MRI etc with films supporting the diagnosis of Injury;
      6. Cancelled cheque for NEFT.
      7. Duly completed personal accident policy claim form signed by Insured Person.
      8. CKYC form with CKYC number mandatory for all claims. (PAN & Aadhar card of Proposer both are Mandatory as per IRDA Guideline).
      9. Discharge Summary
      10. Original Final Hospital Bill with Breakup & Paid Receipts
      11. Implant invoice/sticker in case of Surgery
      12. Death summary - In case of Death
      13. Operation Theatre notes ­ In case of Surgery
      14. Pharmacy/Lab/Doctor Consultation bills with supporting paid receipt
      15. Copy of indoor case papers with nursing sheet detailing medical history of the patient, treatment details and patient's progress where applicable.
      16. Personalized Cancelled Cheque with Insured name on the Cheque / Passbook / NEFT form sign by Bank. In case of Death Cancelled cheque of Nominee

Additional documents required for Specific Benefits
      If these details are not provided in full or are insufficient for Us to consider the request, We shall request additional information or documentation
      in respect of that request.

b.1.1 Accidental Death Cover (AD)
      1. Attested copy of the death certificate issued by government / municipal authorities
      2. Attested copy of cause of death certificate issued by treating Medical Practitioner/ Hospital
      3. Copy of burial certificate (wherever applicable)
      4. Attested copy of post-mortem report, if applicable

                                                                                                        Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP24097V012324
      5. Attested copy of viscera report and chemical analysis report (6) Attested copy of witness statement (if available)
      6. Attested copy of witness statement (if available)
      7. Copy of death summary if the Insured Person was Hospitalised
      8. Copy of indoor case papers with nursing sheet detailing medical history of the patient, treatment details and patient's progress (where the death

          summary is not detailed) (if available)
      9. Translation of all vernacular documents in English duly notarized.
      10. Salary slips for last 3 months with seal and signature of authorized signatory of the organization (if employed)
      11. Last 3 years' financial years' income tax return for self-employed persons
      12. Legal heir certificate containing affidavit and indemnity bond both duly signed by all legal heirs and notarized (If Nominee name is not mentioned

          on Policy Schedule or Nominee is a minor, then legal guardian.)
      13. Duly completed personal accident policy claim form signed by Insured Person.
      14. CKYC form with CKYC number mandatory for all claims. (PAN & Aadhar card of Nominee and Insured both are Mandatory as per IRDA Guideline).
      15. Cancelled cheque copy with pre-printed name of Nominee, bank name, branch name, MICR code, IFSC code, account number and account type ; if name

          is not pre-printed then please provide copy of 1st page of pass book or bank account statement of the claimant
      16. Attested copy of medicolegal certificate/ first information report / Panchnama (Spot/Inquest)
      17. Kindly provide current loan outstanding details
      18. Driving license
      19. Copy of Final Police Report
      20. Newspaper Cutting, if any
      21. Motor vehicle settlement letter
      22. Legal Heir Certificate (incase Nominee name is not declare in Policy copy/ death of contratual nominee)
      23. Please confirm if Insured has taken any other Insurance Policy. If yes, please share Policy schedule and settlement letter

b.1.2 Permanent Total Disablement (PTD) & Partial Permanent Disability (PPD)

      1. Attested copy of disability certificate issued by civil surgeon of district Hospital mentioning the type and percentage of disability.
      2. Original photograph of the Insured Person reflecting the disablement or injured part for which the claim is made.
      3. Leave records with seal and signature of authorized signatory of the organization (if employed).
      4. Salary slips for last 3 months with seal and signature of authorized signatory of the organization (if employed).
      5. Last 3 years financial years income tax return for self-employed persons.
      6. Copies of medical documents towards treatment taken during disability period, including discharge summary of the Hospital.
      7. Copy of indoor case papers with nursing sheet detailing medical history of the patient, treatment details and patient's progress (where the discharge

          summary is not detailed) (if available)
      8. Duly completed personal accident policy claim form signed by Insured Person.
      9. CKYC form with CKYC number mandatory for all claims. (PAN & Aadhar card of Proposer both are Mandatory as per IRDA Guideline).
      10. Personalized Cancelled Cheque with Insured name on the Cheque / Passbook / NEFT form sign by Bank. In case of Death Cancelled cheque of Nominee
      11. Radiological investigation reports like X ray, CT scan, MRI etc. with films supporting the diagnosis of Injury
      12. Discharge Summary
      13. Legal Heir Certificate (incase Nominee name is not declare in Policy copy/ death of contratual nominee)
      14. FIR / MLC

Additional documents required for Specific Benefits If these details are not provided in full or are insufficient for Us to consider the request, We shall request
additional information or documentation in respect of that request.

c) Critical Illness Cover
      1. Claim Form (in original) duly completed and signed as prescribed by Us.
      2. Photo ID and Age proof of Insured Person / Nominee (if Insured Person is not alive).
      3. Copy of the claim intimation, if any.
      4. Final Hospital bill.
      5. Hospital discharge summary / day care summary / transfer summary.
      6. Operation theatre notes.
      7. Investigation reports (Including CT scan/ MRI /USG / Histopathology or Biopsy report).
      8. Doctor's prescriptions.
      9. Cancelled cheque for NEFT.
      10. Others

Additional documents for submission of claims under Critical Illness Cover

The Insured Person at their own expenses shall submit the following documents within 30 (thirty) days of the earliest of the date of first diagnosis of the
Critical Illness / date of Surgical Procedure or date of occurrence of the medical event, as the case may be:

      1. Medical certificate confirming the diagnosis of Critical Illness
      2. Certificate from attending Medical Practitioner confirming that the claim does not relate to any Pre-Existing Disease or any Illness or Injury which

          was diagnosed within the first 90 days of the Inception Date
      3. Photocopy of discharge certificate/ card from the Hospital, if any
      4. Photocopy of investigation test reports confirming the diagnosis
      5. Photocopy of first consultation letter and subsequent prescriptions
      6. Photocopy of indoor case papers if applicable (if available)
      7. Specific documents (if any) listed under the respective Critical Illness
      8. In the cases where Critical Illness arises due to an Accident, FIR copy or medico legal certificate shall be required wherever conducted.

We may call for any additional documents/information as required based on the circumstances of the claim
For details on the claims process or assistance during the process, You may contact Us at Our call centre on the toll free number specified in the Policy Schedule
or through Our website.

E.2.7.3 Procedure for Cashless Claims in case of Home Health Care:

On receipt of duly filled pre -authorization form with other sufficient details to assess a cashless request, the Company will inform the Home Health Care
service provider or Network Provider, who will share the care plan and treatment cost estimation with the Company. On receipt of the complete documents
the Company may:

      a. issue the authorization letter specifying the sanctioned amount, any specific limitation on the claim and non-payable items, if applicable, or
      b. reject the request for pre-authorization specifying reasons for the rejection

E.2.7.4 Claims Procedure for Claims Outside India

Claims Procedure for claims outside India then as a Condition Precedent to Our liability under the Policy the following procedure shall be complied with:
      a. For Availing Cashless Facility
          i. Cashless Facility can be availed only at Our Network Providers / Empanelled Service Providers.

                                                                                                                                                                                            Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP24097V012324
          ii. We reserve the right to modify, add or restrict any Network Provider / Empanelled Service Provider for Cashless Facilities at Our sole
                discretion. Before availing Cashless Facilities, please check the applicable updated list of Network Providers and Empanelled Service
                Providers on Our website.

      b. Process for Obtaining Pre-Authorisation for Planned Treatment:
          i. We / Our Empanelled Service Provider must be contacted to pre-authorise Cashless Facility for planned treatment at the earliest possible
                prior to the proposed treatment. Each request for pre-authorisation must be accompanied with all the following details:

                1. The health card issued by Us to the Insured Person, along with the Insured Person's KYC documents.
                2. The Policy Number;
                3. Name of the Policyholder;
                4. Name and address of Insured Person in respect of whom the request is being made;
                5. Nature of the Illness/Injury and the treatment/Surgery required;
                6. Name and address of the attending Medical Practitioner;
                7. The Insured Person on diagnosis of the Illness should share the following for e-opinion

                     · First consultation paper from treating medical practitioner in India
                     · Final Diagnosis paper
                     · Treating doctor certification on final diagnosis
                     · All investigation reports supporting documents
                     · Consent Form to collect documents from various source
                     · Any other relevant documents to ascertain eligibility of claim
                8. On the basis of the Insured Person's medical condition, We / Our Empanelled Service Provider will identify 3 Hospitals from Our
                     network.
                9. The Insured Person may choose one of the Hospitals/treatment centres out of the 3 choices given by Us / Our Empanelled Service
                     Provider.
                10. Medical Reports and all other information is shared with the chosen Hospital / clinic.
                11. After the receipt of all medical information, a detailed Medical Opinion from the selected Hospital / treatment centre would be delivered
                     to You at the earliest.
                12. Insured Person must notify Us of the willingness to take the treatment abroad and the country of choice.
                13. On receipt of the Insured Person's confirmation of his / her decision to receive treatment abroad at the selected country for treatment,
                     We / Our Empanelled Service Provider will identify 3 Hospitals from our Network.
                14. You may choose one of the Hospitals / treatment centres out of the 3 Choices given by Us/ Our Empanelled Service Provider or You
                     may choose from a fourth option from Our / Empanelled Service Provider's network Hospitals.
                15. We will organize the necessary logistical, travel, accommodation and medical arrangements for the correct admission of the Insured
                     Person and will issue a Preliminary Medical Certificate valid only for that Hospital.
                16. We will provide coverage only in the indicated Hospital in the Preliminary Medical Certificate. Any expense incurred in a different Hospital
                     from the one specified in the Preliminary Medical Certificate will not be covered.
                17. Any expense incurred before the issuance of the Preliminary Medical Certificate will not be covered.
                18. The list of recommended Hospitals and the Preliminary Medical Certificate are issued on the basis of the medical condition of the
                     Insured Person at the time of issue of Preliminary Medical Certificate. Since the health condition of the Insured Person may change over
                     time, both documents will have a validity of three months.
                19. In the event that the Insured Person does not select a Hospital from the list of recommended Hospital or does not initiate treatment
                     within 3 months of issuance of Preliminary Medical Certificate within 3 months of issue, We on the request of customer shall reinitiate
                     the process of Pre-Authorisation for planned treatment based on the health condition of the Insured Person at that time.

      ii. If these details are not provided in full or are insufficient for Us to consider the request, We will request additional information or documentation
          in respect of that request.

      ii. When we have obtained sufficient details to assess the request, We will issue the authorization letter specifying the sanctioned amount, any
          specific limitation on the claim and non-payable items, if applicable, or reject the request for pre- authorisation specifying reasons for the
          rejection.

      iii. The authorization letter shall be issued to the Network Provider within 24 hours of receiving the complete information.

      c. For Reimbursement Claims:
          i. For all claims under Global Enhanced and benefits under Global Cover (Emergency Only) as per Appendix A for which either pre-authorization
                under Cashless Facility has not been accepted or for which treatment has not been taken at a Network Provider, We shall be given written
                notice of the claim along with the following details within 48 hours of admission to the Hospital or before discharge from the Hospital,
                whichever is earlier:
                1. The Policy Number;
                2. Name of the Policyholder;
                3. Name and address of the Insured Person in respect of whom the request is being made;
                4. Health Card, Photo ID, KYC documents
                5. Nature of Illness or Injury and the treatment / Surgery taken;
                6. Name and address of the attending Medical Practitioner;
                7. Hospital where treatment / Surgery was taken;
                8. Date of admission and date of discharge;
                9. Any other information that may be relevant to the Illness / Injury / Hospitalization

          II. If the claim is not notified to Us within the earlier of 72 hours of the Insured Person's admission to the Hospital or within 72 hours of the Insured
                Person's discharge.

d. Claims Documentation:
We shall be provided the following necessary information and documentation in respect of all Claims at Your / Insured Person's expense within 30 days of the
Insured Person's discharge from Hospital:
i. Claims for Post-Hospitalization Medical Expenses to be submitted to us within 30 days of the completion of the post Hospitalization treatment.
ii. For those claims for which the use of Cashless Facility has been authorised, We / Our Empanelled Service Provider will be provided these

      documents by the Network Provider / You (as the case may be) immediately following the Insured Person's discharge from Hospital:
      1. Duly signed, stamped and completed Claim Form
      2. Photo ID & Age Proof
      3. Copy of claim intimation letter / reference of Claim Intimation Number in the absence of main claim documents)
      4. Copy of the Network Provider's Registration Certificate / Copy of Form C in case of Hospitalization
      5. Original Discharge Card / Day Care Summary / Transfer Summary
      6. Original final Hospital Bill with all original deposit and final payment receipt
      7. Original invoice with payment receipt and implant stickers for all implants used during surgeries i.e. invoice in Surgery, stent invoice and sticker

          in Angioplasty Surgery.
      8. All previous consultation papers indicating history and treatment details for current ailment
      9. All original diagnostic reports (including imaging and laboratory) along with Medical Practitioner's prescription and invoice / bill with receipt from

          diagnostic center
      10. All original medicine / pharmacy bills along with Medical Practitioner's prescription

                                                                                                                                                                                            Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP24097V012324
      11. MLC / FIR Copy ­ in Accidental cases only
      12. Copy of Death Summary and copy of Death Certificate (in death claims only)
      13. Pre and Post-Operative Imaging reports ­ in Accidental cases only
      14. Copy of indoor case papers with nursing sheet detailing medical history of the patient, treatment details, and patient's progress (if available)
      15. KYC documents in accordance with the provisions of the regulations, circulars and guidelines issued by the IRDAI with respect to KYC from time

          to time.
      16. A valid ticket / proof of travel (such as Airline boarding pass) to the location the Insured Person is traveling as a bona fide passenger

      Note: For the following Claims, please notify the same at our call centre/website/e-mail:
      · Health Assessment
      · HealthReturnsTM
      · Annual Health Check-up

          Refer Appendix A for the applicability and details of the benefits mentioned above.

E.2.7.5 Claims Assessment & Repudiation

       a. At Our discretion, We may investigate claims to determine the validity of a claim. This investigation will be conducted within 15 days.
          All costs of investigation will be borne by Us and all investigations will be carried out by those individuals / entities that are authorised by Us in writing.
          If there are any deficiencies in the necessary claim documents which are not met or are partially met, we will be sending communications to address
          the deficiency.

      b. Payment for reimbursement claims will be made to You. In the unfortunate event of Your death, We will pay the Nominee named in the Policy
          Schedule or Your legal heirs or legal representatives holding a valid succession certificate.

For details on the claims process or assistance during the process, You may contact the Us at Our call centre on the toll free number specified in the Policy
Schedule or through the website. In addition, We will keep You informed of the claim status and explain requirement of documents. Such means of communi-
cation shall include but not be limited to mediums such as letters, email, SMS messages, and information on Our Website.

E.2.8. Policy Disputes

Any dispute concerning the interpretation of the terms, conditions, limitations and / or exclusions contained herein shall be governed by Indian law and shall
be subject to the jurisdiction of the Indian Courts.

E.2.9. Premium through National Automated Clearing House (NACH) / Standing Instruction (SI) provided that You may pay the premium through National
Automated Clearing House (NACH) / Standing Instruction (SI) provided that:

NACH / Standing Instruction Mandate form is completely filled & signed by You.

The Premium amount which would be auto debited & frequency of instalment is duly filled in the mandate form.

New Mandate Form is required to be filled in case of any change in the Policy Terms and Conditions whether or not leading to change in Premium.

You need to inform us at least 15 days prior to the due date of instalment premium if You wish to discontinue with the NACH / Standing Instruction facility.

Non-payment of premium on due date as opted by You in the mandate form subject to an additional renewal / revival period will lead to termination of the
Policy

E.2.10. Alteration to the Policy

This Policy constitutes the complete contract of insurance. Any change in the Policy will only be evidenced by a written endorsement signed and stamped by
Us. No one except Us can within the permission of the IRDAI change or vary this Policy.

E.2.11. Zonal pricing

For the purpose of calculating premium, the country has been divided into the following 3 zones:

Zone 1 - Delhi NCR (includes Delhi, Baghpat, Bulandshahr, Gautam Buddha Nagar, Ghaziabad, Hapur, Meerut, Muzaffarnagar, Shamli, Charkhi dadri, Faridabad,
Gurugram, Jhajjar, Jind, Karnal, Mahendragarh, Nuh, Palwal, Panipat, Rewari, Bhiwani, Alwar, Bharatpur, Rohtak, Sonipat, any other city defined by Govt.)
Mumbai Metropolis Area (including Mumbai suburban, Thane, Palghar, raigad, any other city defined by Govt.) Gujarat State, Aligarh, Mathura

Zone 2: Kolkata, Pune, Hyderabad, Chennai, Chandigarh, Mohali, Panchkula, Lucknow, Patna

Zone 3: Rest of India

E.2.12. Assignment

The Policy can be assigned subject to applicable laws

E.2.13. Arbitration clause

If any dispute or difference shall arise as to the quantum to be paid under this Policy (liability being otherwise admitted) such difference shall independent of
all other questions be referred to the decision of a sole arbitrator to be appointed in writing by the parties thereto, or if they cannot agree upon a single
arbitrator within 30 days of any party invoking arbitration, the same shall be referred to a panel of three arbitrators, comprising of two arbitrators, one to be
appointed by each of the parties to the dispute /difference and the third arbitrator to be appointed by such two Arbitrators who shall act as the presiding
arbitrator and Arbitration shall be conducted under and in accordance with the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 (as amended). It is
clearly agreed and understood that no difference or dispute shall be referable to arbitration, as hereinbefore provided, if the Company has disputed or not
accepted liability under or in respect of this Policy. It is hereby expressly stipulated and declared that it shall be a condition precedent to any right of action or
suit upon this Policy that the award by such arbitrator / arbitrators of the amount of the loss or damage shall be first obtained.

E.2.14. Utilization of Sum Insured

The sequence of utilization of Sum Insured in this Policy, subject to the Optional Covers in force under the Policy, will be as follows;
      a. Base Sum Insured followed by;
      b. Accumulated Super Credit (if inbuilt / opted and applicable) followed by;
      c. Super Reload followed by;
      d. Cancer Booster (if opted and applicable)

                                                                                                                                                                                            Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP24097V012324
E.2.15. Endorsements

This Policy constitutes the complete contract of insurance. This Policy cannot be modified by anyone (including an insurance agent or broker) except the
Company. Any change or modification that the Company makes will be evidenced by a written endorsement signed and stamped by the Company.

E.2.16. Communication & Notice

Policy and any communication related to the Policy shall be sent to through electronic modes or to the address of the following:
      a. The Policyholder's, at the address / e-mail address specified in the Policy Schedule.
      b. To the Company, at the address specified in the Policy Schedule.
      c. Insurance agents, brokers, other person or entity is / are not authorised to receive any notice on the
          behalf of the Company, unless stated in writing by the Company.

E.2.17. Instalment Premium payment through Auto Debit / ECS Facility

      a. If premium payment is opted for by instalments through auto debit / ECS facility, a separate authorization form shall be submitted by Insured
      Person specifying the frequency chosen for premium to be debited.
      b. Where there is a change either in the terms and conditions of the coverage or Policy or in the premium rate, the ECS authorization shall be
      obtained afresh.
      c. The Insured Person has the option to withdraw from the ECS mode at least fifteen days prior to the due date of instalment premium payable.
      d. No additional charges will be levied or recovered in any manner from the benefits payable towards cancellation of the ECS mode

E.2.18. Electronic Transactions

The Policyholder and the Insured agree to adhere and comply with all such terms and conditions of electronic transactions as We may prescribe from time to
time, and hereby agrees and confirms that all transactions effected by or through facilities for conducting remote transactions including the internet, World
Wide Web, electronic data interchange, call centres, tele-service operations (whether voice, video, data or combination thereof) or by means of electronic,
computer, automated machines network or through other means of telecommunication, established by or on behalf of Us, for and in respect of the Policy or
its terms, or Our other products and services, shall constitute legally binding and valid transactions when done in adherence to and in compliance with Our
terms and conditions for such facilities, as may be prescribed from time to time. Sales through such electronic
transactions shall ensure that all conditions of Section 41 of the Insurance Act, 1938 prescribed for the proposal form and all necessary disclosures on terms
and conditions and exclusions are made known to the Policyholder. A voice recording in case of tele-sales or other evidence for sales through the Internet shall
be maintained and such consent shall be subsequently validated / confirmed by the Policyholder.

E.2.19. Premium

The premium payable under this Policy shall be paid in accordance with the schedule of payments in the Policy Schedule agreed between the Policyholder and
Us in writing. No receipt for premium shall be valid except on Our official form signed by Our duly authorized official. The due payment of premium and realiza-
tion thereof by Us and the observance and fulfilment of the terms, provisions, conditions and endorsements of this Policy by the Insured Person in so far as
they relate to anything to be done or complied with by the Insured Person shall be a condition precedent to Our liability to make any payment under this Policy

SECTION F. UNDERWRITING AND LOADINGS

      i. We may apply a risk loading (additional premium) on the premium payable (excluding statutory levies and taxes) based on the details of the
          Insured Person, including the health status, habits and lifestyle, past medical records, declarations on the Proposal Form and the results of the
          pre-Policy medical examination.

      ii. We may apply a risk loading on the premium payable (based upon the declarations made in the proposal form and the health status of the
          persons proposed for insurance). The maximum risk loading applicable for an individual shall not exceed above 150% per person.

      iii. We will inform You about the applicable risk loading through a counter offer letter and We will only issue the Policy Once We receive your consent
          and applicable additional premium. In case, you neither accept the counter offer nor revert to Us within 10 working days, We shall cancel Your
          application and refund the premium paid.

      iv. Your Policy shall not be issued unless We receive Your consent.

SECTION G. PRE-POLICY MEDICAL EXAMINATION

Pre-Policy medical check- up may be required based on cover(s) chosen, Sum Insured, Age and / or any health declaration. Medical tests will be facilitated by
Us and conducted at Our network of diagnostic centres. Full cost of all such tests will be borne by Us for all accepted proposals. In case of rejected proposals
or where a counter offer is not accepted by the customer We will bear only 50% of the cost for such tests

SECTION H. DISCOUNTS UNDER THE POLICY

You can avail of the following discounts on the premium on Your policy.

                                       Discounts

Sr. Number  Description                           Percentage of Premium excluding GST
1           Family Discount
            for 2 or 3 members                    5%
2           for 4 members or more                 10%
            Long term Policy Discount
            Policy Term-2 years                   7.50%
            Policy Term-3 years                   10%

                                                  Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP24097V012324
    3                             ABG Customers / ABG Employees /                                                                 10%

                                  Direct Discount (All are mutually exclusive)

    4                             Corporate GMC policy holder Discount                                                            5%

    5                             Auto Debit Discount - Discount on the premium from 1st renewal, if                              2.5%

                                  the premium is received through NACH or standing instruction

                                  (where payment is made either By direct debit of bank account or credit card)

    6                             Discount in lieu of Commission                                                 Maximum up to 15% of the policy premium

   Maximum cap on discount will be 27.1% of policy premium.
SECTION I. List of Non preferred providers
Link: https://adityabirlacapital.com/healthinsurance/locate-care/hospital-listing

SECTION J. Benefit Illustration

                                  Benefit Illustration in respect of policies offered on individual and family floater basis

Age of the     Coverage opted on individual        Coverage opted on individual basis covering multiple          Coverage opted on family floater basis with
members                                            members of the family under a single policy (Sum insured      overall Sum insured (Only one sum insured
insured (Yrs)  basis covering each member of       is available for each member of the family)                   is available for the entire family)

               the family separately (at a single

               point in time)

               Premium  Premium   Sum              Premium Discount, Premium Premium Discount, Premium  Sum      Premium or       Floater    Premium    Sum
               (Rs.)    (Rs.)     Insured                                                               Insured  consolidated     discount,  after      Insured
               (Male)   (Female)  (Rs.)            (Rs.) If any after (Rs.) If any after                (Rs.)    premium for all  if any     discount   (Rs.)
                                                                                                                 members of                  (Rs.)
                                                   (Male)         discount (Female)  discount                    family (Rs.)

                                                                  (Rs.)              (Rs.)

17             5,748 5,748                         5,748 575 5,173 5,748 575 5,173                               NA               NA         NA

22             6,800 6,800                         6,800 680 6,120 6,800 680 6,120                               NA               NA         NA

41             11,182   11,182 5,00,000 11,182 1,118 10,063 11,182 1,118 10,063 5,00,000                         NA               NA         NA         5,00,000

45             11,182 11,182                       11,182 1,118 10,063 11,182 1,118 10,063                       NA               NA         NA

Total          34,910 34,910                       34,910 3,491 31,419 34,910 3,491 31,419                       34,910           13,300 21,611

Total Premium for all members of the family        Total Premium for all members of the family is Rs. 31,419,    Total Premium when policy is opted on
is Rs. 34,910, when each member is covered         when they are covered under a single policy.                  floater basis is Rs. 21,611.
separately.

Sum insured available for each individual          Sum insured available for each family member is               Sum insured of Rs. 5,00,000, is available
is Rs. 5,00,000.                                   Rs. 5,00,000.                                                 for the entire family.

Note:
Premium rates specified in the above illustration are standard premium rates without considering any loading. The premium rates are exclusive of taxes
applicable. This is for MAX plan for Zone 1.

Statutory Warning - Prohibition of Rebates
(Under Section 41 of Insurance Act 1938)

1- No person shall allow or offer to allow, either directly or indirectly as an inducement to any person to take out or renew or continue an insurance in
respect of any kind of risk relating to lives or property, in India, any rebate of the whole or part of the commission payable or any rebate of the premium shown
on the Policy, nor shall any person taking out or renewing or continuing a Policy accept any rebate, except such rebate as may be allowed in accordance with
the published prospectuses or tables of the Insurer.
2- Any person making default in complying with the provisions of this section shall be liable for a penalty which may extend to ten lakh rupees.

Annexures to Prospectus:
Annexures A ­ Rate charts

                                                                                                                              Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP24097V012324
Product Benefit Table - Activ One                      MAX                VYTL         NXT              VIP  VIP +             MAX+             SAVR
   Benefits
   Entry Age (Adult)                                   Minimum - 18 years | Maximum - No capping
   Entry Age (Child)
                                                       Dependent Child (floater / Multi individual) - 91 days to 25 years
   Policy Type
   Tenure                                              Individual ­ minimum age of entry - 5 years
   Family definition
   Premium - 3 Zones                                   Individual & Floater
   Premium Type
   Relationship Covered                                1 / 2 / 3 Years

   Base Sum Insured (BSI)                              up to 2A4C

                                                       Zone 1 ,2 & 3

                                                       Age Banded

                                                       Individual - Self, legally married spouse OR live-in partner (same or opposite sex), son,
                                                       daughter, brother, sister, grandson, granddaughter, son in-law, daughter in-law, brother in-law,
                                                       sister in-law, nephew, niece, parents and parents-in-law

                                                       Floater - Self, legally married spouse OR live-in partner (same or opposite sex), dependent Children
                                                       (Natural / legally adopted), Parents and Parents-in-law

                                                       INR 2 Lacs, 3 Lacs, 4 Lacs, 5 Lacs, 7 Lacs,      INR 50 Lacs, 75 Lacs,  INR 2 Lacs, 3 Lacs, 4 Lacs,
                                                       10 Lacs,15 Lacs, 20 Lacs, 25 Lacs,               1 Crore, 2 Crores,     5 Lacs, 7 Lacs, 10 Lacs,
                                                       50 Lacs, 75 Lacs, 1 Crore, 2 Crores,             3 Crores, 4 Crores,    15 Lacs, 20 Lacs, 25 Lacs,
                                                       3 Crores, 4 Crores, 5 Crores, 6 Crores           5 Crores, 6 Crores     50 Lacs, 75 Lacs, 1 Crore,
                                                                                                                               2 Crores, 3 Crores,
                                                                     In-built Covers                                           4 Crores, 5 Crores,
                                                                                                                               6 Crores

Hospitalization Room Rent                              Actuals up to Base Sum Insured
                                                       Actuals up to Base Sum Insured
Treatment     ICU Charges                              Actuals up to Base Sum Insured

              Road Ambulance Cover
              (per hospitalization)

                       Day Care Treatments             Actuals up to Base Sum Insured
                       Modern Procedures / Treatments  Actuals up to Base Sum Insured for listed procedures
                       HIV / AIDS and STD Cover        Actuals up to Base Sum Insured
                       Mental Illness Hospitalization  Actuals up to Base Sum Insured
                       Obesity Treatment               Actuals up to Base Sum Insured
Pre-Hospitalization Expenses                           90 Days
(up to Base Sum Insured)
Post-Hospitalization Expenses                          180 Days
(up to Base Sum Insured)
Claim Protect                                          Non-payable items will be                NA           Non-payable items will be covered
(Non-Medical Expense Waiver)                                                                                 (all 4 lists of Annexure I)
                                                       covered

                                                       (all 4 lists of Annexure I)

Domiciliary Hospitalization                            Actuals up to Base Sum Insured

Home Health Care                                       Actuals up to Base Sum Insured

AYUSH Treatment                                        Actuals up to Base Sum Insured

Organ Donor Expenses                                   Actuals up to Base Sum Insured

Annual Health Check up                                 Listed & Cashless               NA               Listed & Cashless

              2X Cover                                 NA                           2X - Day 1                             NA
              Unlimited Refill
Super Reload

                                                       2nd claim onwards - unlimited times (up to Base Sum Insured)

Super Credit                                           100% of BSI 50% of BSI per                   NA       50% of BSI        100% of BSI per year, up
(increases irrespective of claim)                      per year, up year, up to 100%
                                                       to 500% of of Base Sum                                per year, up to to 500% of Base Sum
                                                       Base Sum Insured (up to
                                                       Insured (up Max of 3 Cr                               100% of Base Insured (up to Max of
                                                       to Max of 3 under this
                                                       Cr under this benefit)                                Sum Insured 3 Cr under this benefit)
                                                       benefit)
                                                                                                             (up to Max of

                                                                                                             INR 4 Cr under

                                                                                                             this benefit)

                                                                                                             Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP24097V012324
Benefits                                                    MAX  VYTL                      NXT  VIP                   VIP +           MAX+           SAVR

Chronic Care (Day 1 In-patient Hospitalization)         NA       PED waiting                                      NA
Applicable for Listed Chronic Conditions:
1. Diabetes 2. Hypertension 3. Asthma                            period and
4. Hyperlipidemia 5. COPD 6. Obesity
7. Coronary Artery Disease (PTCA done prior to 1 year)           initial waiting

Chronic Management Program (OPD)                                 period will be

Durable equipment cover                                          waived for the
i. Ventilator ii. Wheelchair iii. Prosthetic device
iv. Suction Machine v. Commode Chairs                            listed chronic
vi. Infusion pump
vii. Continuous Passive motion devices in case                   conditions

   of Knee Replacement                                  NA       Applicable on                                    NA
viii. Oxygen concentrator
                                                                 Cashless Basis
Advanced Health Check-up
i. Computed tomography angiography (CTA)                                      NA                                                      Combined           NA
ii. Positron emission tomography (PET) Scan
                                                                                                                                      Sum Insured

                                                                                                                                      of INR 5 Lacs

                                                                                                                                      or up to BSI,

                                                                                                                                      whichever is

                                                                                                                                      lower

                                                                              NA                                                      Listed & Cashless

Hospital Cash Cover for Parents OR Parents-in-law                                      NA                                                            INR 500 /
(Cross combination of Parents and Parents-in-law                                                                                                     Day /
is not allowed)                                                  International Covers                                                                Member for
                                                            NA                                                                                       30 Days
Global Cover (Emergency Only)*                              NA
Specified Illness Cover                                                                                     Applicable                           NA
(For listed 27 Major Illness - Diagnosis in India           NA                                                                                  NA
and Planned treatment abroad                                                                    For BSI INR                           NA
                                                                                                50 Lacs and
Maternity Cover
                                                                                                INR 75 Lacs
Global Enhanced (Any Illness/Injury - Diagnosis
in India and Planned treatment abroad)#                                                         - Not Applicable

Health AssessmentTM                                                                             For BSI INR
HealthReturnsTM
                                                                                                1 Crore and
Reduction in Specific Disease waiting period
Reduction in Pre-Existing Disease waiting period                                                above -

                                                                                                Applicable

                                                                                                (Excluding USA

                                                                                                & Canada)

                                                                                                For BSI INR 50 For BSI INR 50

                                                                                                Lacs and 75 Lacs Lacs and 75 Lacs -

                                                                                                - Domestic        Domestic

                                                                                                Maternity         Maternity up to

                                                                                                up to INR 1 Lac INR 1 Lac

                                                                                                For BSI INR 1 Cr For BSI INR 1 Cr

                                                                                                and Above - WW and Above - WW

                                                                                                Maternity         Maternity up to of

                                                                                                (Excluding USA & INR 2 Lacs

                                                                                                Canada) up

                                                                                                to of INR 2 Lacs

                                                                                  NA                              Applicable                    NA

                                                                 Health Management Program

                                                        Applicable once in a policy year undertaken at Our Network Providers / Empanelled Service
                                                        Providers on a cashless basis or on digital basis

                                                        Applicable up to 100% of the premium
                                                                     Optional Covers

                                                        2 years to 1 year

                                                        Option 1 - 3 years                 NA   Option 1 - 3 years to 2 years
                                                        to 2 years
                                                        Option 2 - 3 years                      Option 2 - 3 years to 1 year
                                                        to 1 year

                                                                                                                      Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP24097V012324
Benefits                                                           MAX          VYTL           NXT              VIP             VIP +           MAX+   SAVR
Claim Protect (Non-Medical Expense Waiver)                     NA                                                           NA
                                                                                               Non-payable
Room Rent Type Options                                                                         items will be
                                                                                               covered (all
Per Claim Deductible                                                                           4 lists of
                                                                                               Annexure I)
Preferred Provider Network (PPN) Discount
Critical Illness cover                                         Option 1 - Single Private Room                        NA                         Option 1 - Single Private Room
(Initial Waiting Period - 60 Days and Survival                                                                                                  Option 2- Shared Accommodation
Period - 15 Days)                                              Option 2- Shared Accommodation
Personal Accident Cover AD+PTD+PPD                                                                                                              Option 1 -INR 15,000
Super Credit                                                   Option 1 ­ INR 15,000                                 NA                         Option 2 ­ INR 25,000
(increases irrespective of claim)
                                                               Option 2 ­ INR 25,000                                                            10% discount applicable
Chronic Care (Day 1 In-patient Hospitalization)
Applicable for Listed Chronic Conditions:                      10% discount applicable                               NA
1. Diabetes 2. Hypertension 3. Asthma
4. Hyperlipidemia 5. COPD 6. Obesity                           Critical Illness SI Options- INR 10 Lacs, 15 Lacs, 20 Lacs and 25 Lacs
7. Coronary Artery Disease
                                                               Personal Accident SI Options- INR 10 Lacs, 15 Lacs, 20 Lacs, 25 Lacs, and 50 Lacs
  (PTCA done prior to 1 year)
                                                               NA                              100% of BSI                                 NA
Chronic Management Program (OPD)
                                                                                               per year, up to
Cancer Booster
i. Covers Pre and Post hospitalisation medical expense.                                        500% of Base
ii. Covers Day Care Treatment up to Sum Insured
Durable equipment cover                                                                        Sum Insured
i. Ventilator ii. Wheelchair iii. Prosthetic device
iv. Suction Machine v. Commode Chairs                                                          (up to Max of
vi. Infusion pump
vii. Continuous Passive motion devices in                                                      3 Cr under
case of Knee Replacement
viii. Oxygen concentrator                                                                      this benefit)
Chronic Care Restriction
(Day 1 In-patient Hospitalization - NA )                       PED waiting      NA             PED waiting      NA                              PED waiting period and
Compassionate Visit                                                                                                                             initial waiting period will
Second Medical Opinion for listed Major Illness                period and                      period and                                       be waived for the listed
                                                                                                                                                chronic conditions
Annual Screening Package for Cancer Diagnosed                  initial waiting                 initial waiting
Patients
Annual Health Check up                                         period will be                  period will be
"Geographical extension to include USA and
Canada" for Global Cover (Emergency Only)                      waived for the                  waived for the

Pre Existing Waiting Period                                    listed chronic                  listed chronic
Specific Disease waiting period
Initial Waiting Period (Excluding Accidental Hospitalization)  conditions                      conditions

                                                               Applicable       NA             Applicable                   NA                  Applicable on Cashless
                                                                                               on Cashless
                                                               on Cashless                     Basis                                            Basis

                                                               Basis

                                                               Up to 100%       NA                              Up to 100% of Base Sum Insured

                                                               of Base Sum

                                                               Insured

                                                               Combined         NA             Combined Sum Insured of INR 5                    NA     Combined
                                                                                               Lacs or up to BSI, whichever is
                                                               Sum Insured                     lower                                                   Sum Insured

                                                               of INR 5                                                                                of INR 5 Lacs

                                                               Lacs or up                                                                              or up to

                                                               to BSI,                                                                                 BSI,

                                                               whichever is                                                                            whichever is

                                                               lower                                                                                   lower

                                                               NA               Applicable                                             NA

                                                               up to INR 50,000 for two-way travel fare if hospitalization exceeds 10 days
                                                               Applicable
                                                               INR 10000 / Member / Policy Year

                                                               NA                              Listed &                                NA
                                                                                               Cashless

                                                               NA                                               Applicable                      NA

                                                                            Waiting Period     3 years                                 3 years
                                                                         3 years
                                                                         2 years
                                                                         30 days

                                                                                                                                Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP24097V012324
 *International cover                            International Sum Insured details:
                                                 VIP: International SI for
VIP - Worldwide emergency cover excluding USA &  1. BSI INR50 Lacs and INR75 Lacs - INR 30 Lacs (over and above BSI)
Canada                                           2. BSI INR 1 Crore and Above - INR 1 Crore (over and above BSI)

VIP+ - Worldwide emergency cover                 VIP+: International SI is up to BSI (within BSI)

                                                 Trip Eligibility Details:

                                                 For BSI - 50 Lacs and 75 Lacs - Multi Trip -
                                                 {max 15 days coverage in a single trip per Insured person}
                                                 For BSI - 1 Crore and Above - Annual Multi trip
                                                 {max 45 days coverage in a single trip per Insured person}

Global cover (emergency only)                    Covered up to International Sum Insured

Emergency MedicaI Evacuation                     Covered up to International Sum Insured

Global Compassionate visit                       Covered up to International Sum Insured

Emergency Air Ambulance                          up to INR 5 Lacs

Care and / or transportation of minor children   Covered up to International Sum Insured

Return of mortal remains                         Covered up to International Sum Insured

Medical referral                                 Covered up to International Sum Insured

Medical Repatriation                             Covered up to International Sum Insured

OPD cover (Not applicable for VIP+)              Covered up to International Sum Insured with 20% co-pay

Loss of Passport                                 Covered up to INR 20,000

Loss of checked-in baggage                       Covered up to INR 10,000

Trip Cancellation & Interruption                 INR 25,000

Trip Delay                                       INR 10,000

Delay of Checked-in Baggage                      INR 5,000

#Global Enhanced - Worldwide cover (Up to BSI)

Hospitalization Expenses

AYUSH Treatment

Pre-Hospitalization cover

Post-Hospitalization cover

Organ Donor Expenses

Emergency Air Ambulance - up to INR 5 Lacs (Common between Global and Global Enhanced both)

Claim Protect

Super Credit

Aditya Birla Health Insurance Co. Limited                                                                                 Registered Office:
                                                                                                                          9th Floor, Tower1, One World Centre, Jupiter Mills Compound,
Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP24097V012324                                                                 841, Senapati Bapat Marg, Elphinstone Road, Mumbai 400013.
1800 270 7000 | care.healthinsurance@adityabirlacapital.com | www.adityabirlahealthinsurance.com                          CIN:U66000MH2015PLC263677
Trademark/Logo Aditya Birla Capital is owned by Aditya Birla Management Corporation Private Limited and                   IRDA Registration No. 153
Trademark/logo HealthReturns, Healthy Heart Score and Active Day are owned by Momentum Metropolitan Life Limited
(Formerly known as MMI Group Limited). These trademark/Logos are being used by Aditya Birla Health Insurance Co. Limited
under licensed user agreement(s).
