                               Axis Max Life Critical Illness and Disability Rider
              Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual Pure Risk Health Insurance Rider

                                                    UIN: 104B033V03
                                                      PROSPECTUS

CRITICAL ILLNESS COVERAGE IS AVAILABLE IN THIS RIDER.

ABOUT AXIS MAX LIFE INSURANCE
Axis Max Life Insurance Limited (the "Company"), formerly known as Max Life Insurance Company Ltd.,
is a subsidiary of Max Financial Services Limited ("MFSL") with Axis Bank Limited and its affiliates also
being shareholders of the Company. Axis Max Life offers comprehensive protection and long-term savings
life insurance solutions through its multi-channel distribution, including agency and third-party partners.
The Company has built its operations on a need-based sales process, a customer-centric engagement model
and trained human capital. As per audited financials for FY2025-26, Axis Max Life recorded a gross written
premium of INR 38,877 crore.

For more information, please visit the company website at https://www.axismaxlife.com

AXIS MAX LIFE CRITICAL ILLNESS AND DISABILITY RIDER

You have purchased a life insurance policy to ensure long-term protection for you and your family.
However, life is full of uncertainties. We at Axis Max Life Insurance understand this, which is why we
offer you a solution to make your protection planning more comprehensive. You can add Axis Max Life
Critical Illness and Disability Rider to your life insurance policy (base plan) to provide additional protection
against an unfortunate diagnosis of the listed Critical Illnesses. This rider provides additional critical illness
benefit in case you are diagnosed with any of the listed critical illnesses. The benefits under this rider are
payable in additional to the base plan benefit(s).

KEY FEATURES OF AXIS MAX LIFE CRITICAL ILLNESS AND DISABILITY RIDER

Investment in your health is one of the best kind of investment. With that understanding, Axis Max Life
brings you a comprehensive plan that covers you against the uncertainties that life has to offer. Axis Max
Life Critical Illness and Disability Rider provides you the following main benefits:

    · Comprehensive CI cover: Option to choose Gold variant (coverage of 22 CI) or Platinum variant
         (coverage of 64 CI)

    · Total and Permanent Disability variant: This rider offers coverage on Total and Permanent
         Disability

    · Flexible payment option: You can opt for limited pay or regular pay option as per your base plan
         for the rider cover

    · Max Fit Program: A Wellness Benefit is available in this rider with the objective of maintaining
         customer's good health and improving it

AXIS MAX LIFE CRITICAL ILLNESS AND DISABILITY RIDER AT A GLANCE

 Minimum Entry Age (age as on last 18 years (age last birthday)
 birthday)

                                                                                                                              1
Maximum Entry Age (age as on last 65 years (age last birthday)
birthday)-

                                 Variant Benefit Variants           Maximum
                                                                    Maturity Age
                                 1  Gold Variant (22 CIs)           (age last
                                    Gold Plus Variant (22 CI plus   birthday)
Maximum Maturity Age (age as on  2  TPD                             85 years
                                    Platinum Variant (64 CIs)
last birthday)                      Platinum Plus Variant (64 CI    75 years
                                    plus TPD)
                                 3  Total & Permanent Disability    85 years
                                    Variant (TPD)
                                 4                                  75 years

                                 5                                  75 years

Minimum Policy Terms             5 years
Maximum Policy Terms             30 years
                                 The Rider Policy Term cannot be higher than base plan Policy
                                 Term
                                 Limited Pay & Regular Pay premium payment variants are
                                 available.

Premium Payment Term & Policy        Premium      Available Rider   Available Rider
Term                                 Payment     Premium Payment       Policy Term
                                      Variant
                                                         Term       (PPT plus 1) to 30
                                    Limited Pay                            Years
                                     (PPT<PT)        5 to 29 Years
                                                                      5 to 30 Years
                                    Regular Pay      5 to 30 Years
                                    (PPT = PT)

Premium Payment modes            Available Rider Policy Term shall be subject to applicable
Minimum Sum Assured              maximum maturity age.

                                 A policyholder can choose to attach the rider any time during the
                                 subsequent policy anniversary as per the available rider terms and
                                 conditions.

                                 The Rider Premium Payment Term cannot be higher than base plan
                                 Premium Payment Term.
                                 The premium payment mode and modal factor for the rider are the
                                 same as under the base policy.
                                 Minimum initial Rider Sum Assured is Rs. 1,00,000

                                 Rider Sum Assured (Rider SA) is equal to "sum assured under
                                 heath cover"

                                                                                        2
                                    "Sum assured under health cover" means an absolute amount of
                                    benefit which is guaranteed to become payable on happening of
                                    insured health related contingency in accordance with the terms
                                    and conditions of the policy under health cover.
                                    Maximum initial Rider Sum Assured is Rs. 1 Crore

                                    Initial Rider SA means the SA at the inception of the rider.

Maximum Sum Assured                 The maximum initial Rider SA as a proportion of Sum Assured
                                    under the base product will be as per the prevailing regulations.
                                    The Rider sum assured cannot exceed the sum assured under the
                                    base product.

Minimum Annualised Premium          In case, the insured has option to reduce Sum Assured under base
                                    plan and if such reduced Sum Assured is less than the rider Sum
                                    Assured, the rider SA shall automatically reduce to comply with
                                    the regulations.
                                    As per minimum rider sum assured
                                    As per maximum rider sum assured, subjected to board approved
                                    underwriting policy of the company.

Maximum Annualised Premium          In addition, note that the premium pertaining to health related or
                                    critical illness riders shall not exceed 100% of premium under the
                                    basic product, the premiums under all other life insurance riders
                                    put together shall not exceed 30% of premiums under the basic
                                    product.

                                    All applicable taxes, cesses and levies are collected over and above
                                    the rider premium.

Product to which the rider will be  S.NO.        Name of Product       UIN allotted by
attached                               1                                    IRDAI
                                       2   Axis Max Life Smart Wealth
                                       3             Income Plan        104N120V04
                                       4                                104N135V03
                                       5   Axis Max Life Smart Wealth   104N123V07
                                       6   Advantage Growth Par Plan    104N116V16
                                       7   Axis Max Life Smart Fixed    104N124V17
                                                                        104N118V13
                                       8        Return Digital Plan     104N125V09
                                           Axis Max Life Smart Wealth
                                                                        104N138V04
                                                         Plan
                                           Axis Max Life Smart Wealth
                                            Advantage Guarantee Plan
                                           Axis Max Life Smart Secure

                                                      Plus Plan
                                            Axis Max Life Smart Total

                                                Elite Protection Plan
                                           Axis Max Life Smart Wealth
                                            Advantage Guarantee Elite

                                                         Plan

                                                                                                  3
                            9                    Axis Max Life Smart Term            104N127V05
                                                           Plan Plus

                                                 Axis Max Life Smart Value

                            10                   Income & Benefit Enhancer           104N159V04

                                                 Plan

                            11                   Axis Max Life Smart Term            104N132V01
                                                           Plan Plus

                            As this rider is an additional benefit rider, both the base benefit
                            and the rider benefit will be paid, even if there is an overlap.
                            Hence there shall be no overlap in benefit offered under riders &
                            different base products.

BENEFITS IN DETAIL

Following benefit variants are available under the rider to choose from -

    1. Gold variant: a suite of 22 critical illnesses is covered (one minor, 21 major)
    2. Gold Plus Variant: In addition to a suite of 22 critical illnesses (one minor, 21 major), TPD is also

         covered
    3. Platinum variant: a suite of 64 critical illness is covered (five minor, 59 major)
    4. Platinum Plus variant: In addition to a suite of 64 critical illnesses (five minor, 59 major), TPD

         is also covered
    5. Total and Permanent Disability (TPD) Variant: TPD shall mean the occurrence of any of the

         conditions as mentioned in Annexure 2 as a result of accidental bodily injury, sickness or disease

Please note that only one variant out of the available five variants can be chosen.

                                                     Plan Benefits
(This section shall describe the various contingencies under which the benefits would be payable)

Benefit       How and                            Details
                 when

             Benefits are
               payable

Diagnosis    Payable on     The benefits paid on covered Critical Illness conditions and TPD are defined
of listed    acceptance of  as follows:
Critical     Critical
Illness/TPD  Illness or     Events               Minor CI                            Major CI/TPD
             TPD claim
                                                 Lower of 25% of
                              Variant 1 & 3:     Rider SA or Rs. 5     100% of Rider SA minus
                            Diagnosis of listed   Lacs is payable   minor CI claims paid, if any is
                                                                    payable on the diagnosis of any
                              Critical Illness    on diagnosis of
                                                     any of the         of the covered major CI
                                                                                conditions.
                                                 covered minor CI
                                                     conditions

                              Variant 2 & 4:     Lower of 25% of       100% of Rider SA minus
                            Diagnosis of listed  Rider SA or Rs. 5  minor CI claims paid, if any is
                                                  Lacs is payable   payable on the diagnosis of any

                                                                                                   4
Critical Illness or   on diagnosis of    of the covered major CI
occurrence of TPD        any of the    conditions or occurrence of
                                        TPD, whichever is earlier
                     covered minor CI
                         conditions

    Variant 5:                             Total and Permanent
 Occurrence of                        Disability, due to an accident

    Total and                             or an illness, would be
   Permanent                                      covered.
Disability (TPD)
                     NA
                                      The Rider SA is payable on a
                                       valid TPD claim during the
                                     Rider Coverage Term, subject
                                     to rider benefit being in-force.

The claim benefit shall be payable on survival of the life insured up to the
applicable survival period following the confirmed diagnosis of the insured
conditions.

The benefit amount is payable on a valid CI or TPD claim (whichever is
applicable) during the rider coverage term, subject to rider benefit being in-
force.

In case of minor CI claim under the rider, the rider will pay for minor CI
claim as detailed above and the rider will continue with reduced Rider SA for
other Insured Major Critical Illness conditions or TPD (whichever is
applicable).

If the first claim under the policy is for one of the insured major critical illness
conditions or TPD (whichever is applicable), then the Rider SA will be paid
as detailed above and then the rider would terminate.

Following a valid minor CI claim,

· Rider SA will reduce by amount equal to minor CI claim paid (i.e.
    minimum of 25% of Rider SA or Rs. 5 lacs), and the reduced Rider SA
    will be available for any subsequent claim for major critical illness
    conditions or TPD (whichever is applicable).

· Maximum of three minor CI conditions can be claimed (one in case of
    variant 1 and 2). However, only one claim will be paid for the same minor
    CI

· The cooling period between diagnosis of any two minor CI is one year.
    No claim shall be payable in case of diagnosis of minor CI within one
    year of diagnosis of a minor CI already claimed for.

· There is no cooling period between payment of minor CI and major
    CI/TPD.

· Only one valid claim will be admissible under the policy for all Insured
    CI conditions. This means that multiple claims against the same CI are
    not allowed. For example, if a claim is paid for Angioplasty, the claim
    for Angioplasty again during the rider policy term shall not be allowed.

                                       5
                            · On diagnosis of a major CI or occurrence of TPD (whichever is
                                applicable), 100% of Rider SA minus total minor CI claim paid (if any)
                                shall be payable

                            Please note that coverage under the rider will continue even after payment of
                            minor CI. The life insured can claim up to 3 minor CI conditions (one in case
                            of variant 1 and 3).

                            The premiums will not reduce if minor CI claim has been paid out.

                            The maximum total pay-out under the Rider is 100% of the Rider SA.
                            Following payment of 100% of the rider SA, the rider terminates.

                            For any claim to be valid under this rider, the incidence of the condition must
                            be the first occurrence in the lifetime of the Life Insured and conform to
                            survival period. If the diagnosis has happened during the rider coverage term,
                            the claim will be payable even if the survival period is beyond policy period,
                            subject to life assured being alive throughout the survival period. The benefit
                            would be paid only if the diagnosed critical illnesses condition or TPD
                            (whichever is applicable) falls within the definition laid down by Axis Max
                            Life Insurance Ltd. and subject to applicable exclusions and waiting period.

Death      Payable          There is no death benefit payable under this rider
Surrender  Immediately
           on the death     The rider shall acquire an Exit Value (EV) subject to the criteria given below:
           of life insured
                            Limited  Pay On payment of two full years' premium
           Payable          variant
           Immediately
           on surrender
           of the policy

                            Regular  Pay Not available
                            variant

Maturity   Not              The EEV is determined basis the formula provided below:
Benefit    Applicable
                            75% x (Total premiums paid for Rider benefit) x (Remaining Rider Coverage
                            Term in months /Total Rider Coverage Term in months) x (Total premiums
                            paid for Rider benefit / Total premiums payable for Rider benefit) x {(Rider
                            SA at inception less minor CI Claim paid, if any)/Rider SA at inception}

                            `Premium' here for calculation of EV means premium including extra
                            premium (if any) but excluding modal extra and any applicable taxes, cesses
                            or levies

                            Not Applicable

Max Fit On                  A Wellness Benefit is available in this rider with the objective of maintaining

Program- Accumulation customer's good health and improving it. This is an inbuilt benefit available

Wellness                    to life insured without paying any additional premium. The Life Insured is

                                                                                               6
Benefit      of Healthy  eligible for a discount on renewal premium by accumulating Healthy Weeks
(Inbuilt     weeks       as per table given below:
benefit
without any               No. of healthy weeks accumulated        Discount as % of
additional                   (first 11 months from policy      Annualised Premium
premium)                                                    (For Regular Pay Variant)
                         anniversary or risk commencement
                                           date*)                          Nil
                                           0 to 12                         5%
                                          13 to 26                        7.5%
                                          27 to 36                        10%

                                         Above 36

                         *Any healthy week accumulated in the last month of a policy year will not
                         be counted towards calculation of discount.

                         Recording minimum 50,000 steps can accumulate one Healthy Week in a
                         week subject to maximum 15,000 steps per day.

                         Note:

                         · For Limited Pay variant, the discount shall be equal to the "Discount in
                             Table above' multiplied by the `Factor'. Here the `Factor' shall be
                             computed by the formula given below:

                         `Factor' = {1-1/1.055PPT}/ {1-1/1.055PT}

                                o Where PPT means chosen Premium Payment Term of the rider
                                    and chosen PT means Policy Term of the rider.

                                o For example: In case of PPT 5 and PT 10 years, the Factor is
                                    equal to 57% and if the no. of Healthy Weeks recorded are above
                                    36 in policy year 1, customer shall be eligible for premium
                                    discount of 5.7% in policy year 2.

                         Please note that Wellness Benefit is not available in variant 5 i.e. TPD
                         benefit.

                         The above benefit is available only for the first 5 policy years since inception.
                         This benefit will not be available in case the rider is in lapse status and in
                         case of reinstatement of rider beyond the first 5 policy years. In case of
                         reinstatement of the policy within the first 5 policy years, the benefit will be
                         applicable until the end of first 5 policy years since inception.

                         Any discount on the next due Annualised Premium will be communicated to
                         you via email, SMS/ letter/ calls as a part of renewal communication.

LAPSE AND REVIVAL
Conditions for lapse/reinstatement/revival of the contract shall be same as that applicable for the base
product.

                                                                                                                              7
HOW DOES THIS PLAN WORK?

Mr. Kumar purchases a Axis Max Life insurance policy with 5-year premium payment term and 10-year
policy term (Rs. 20 Lakhs as base policy sum assured), with himself as Life Insured. Further, in order to
ensure additional protection, he also buys Axis Max Life Critical Illness and Disability Rider's Platinum
variant (Rs. 10 Lakhs rider sum assured with 5-year rider premium payment term) at a nominal incremental
price. Considering Mr. Kumar pays all his premiums on time, he can avail the rider benefits in the following
ways:

Scenarios                        Rider Benefit                       Base Policy Benefit

Mr. Kumar is diagnosed with      Rider sum assured of Rs. 10 lakhs   Base policy benefit will still stand
one of the listed major illness  is paid to Mr. Kumar on             and will not be impacted by the
in the 3rd year of his policy    confirmed diagnosis of his illness  rider pay-out.
(while he is still paying the    (after the survival period of 14
policy premium).                 days) and the rider terminates

Mr. Kumar is diagnosed with      Rider sum assured of Rs. 2.5 lakhs  Base policy benefit will still stand
one of the listed minor illness  is paid to Mr. Kumar on             and will not be impacted by the
in the 8th year of his policy    confirmed diagnosis of his illness  rider pay-out.
(while the premium payment       (after the survival period of 14
term has ended but the policy    days) and the rider benefits
term continues).                 continues

Mr. Kumar dies when the          None (the rider provides no         Base policy death benefit is paid
base policy and the rider is     benefit on death)                   to the beneficiary immediately
in-force.                                                            upon approval of claim, and the
                                                                     policy contract terminates.

Kindly note that the above scenarios are only examples and do not in any way create any rights and/or
obligations.

TERMINATION OF POLICY

The rider cover shall terminate upon the happening of the first of the following events:

1. on the date on which we receive the free look cancellation request;
2. death of Life Insured;
3. on payment of 100% rider SA under this rider;
4. on the expiry of the rider coverage term;
5. on date on which the rider or base cover is cancelled or terminated for any reason;
6. on receipt of written request from the life insured for surrender of the rider or base cover;
7. on cancellation/ termination of the cover by the Company on grounds of misrepresentation, fraud or

    non-disclosure subject to section 45 of the Insurance Act, 1938 as amended from time to time.

TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Waiting Period
There is a waiting period of 90 days for major CI conditions/TPD and 180 days for minor CI conditions
from the date of policy issuance or date of revival, whichever is later.

                                                                                                                              8
This waiting period is not applicable for claims occurring solely due to an accident.

In case the insured event happens during waiting period, no benefit shall be payable. However, in such case,
the rider cover will terminate and Company will refund 100% of the premium paid corresponding to the
rider benefit.

Survival Period

In respect of all the benefits, a 14-day survival period is applicable. This refers to the period from the
diagnosis and fulfilment of the definition of the conditions covered, which the life assured, must survive
before the benefit will be paid.

Please note that claim payment will only be made with confirmatory diagnosis of the conditions covered
while the insured is alive (i.e. a claim would not be admitted if the diagnosis is made post-mortem).

Note that for TPD benefit under all variants, the applicable survival period shall be as per the TPD
definition.

Grace Period

Conditions for grace period of the contract shall be same as that applicable for the base product.

Free-Look

You have a Period of 30 (Thirty) days beginning from the date of receipt of the Rider document to review
the terms and conditions of the Rider. If You disagree with any of the terms or conditions of the Rider
document, or otherwise, and have not made any claim, You have the option to cancel the Rider by sending
a written request to Us, by stating the reasons for such objections.

Upon receipt of Your request and if no claim has been made under the Rider,, the Rider shall terminate
immediately and all rights, benefits and interests under the Rider shall cease immediately. You will be
entitled to refund of the Rider Premiums received by Us, after deducting the proportionate risk Rider
premium for the period of cover, charges of stamp duty paid and the expenses incurred on medical
examination of the Life Insured, if any, irrespective of the reasons mentioned

Alterations

· Rider can be attached to the Base Plan at inception or at any policy anniversary of the base plan as per
    board approved underwriting policy and the applicable rider terms and conditions.

· Rider shall automatically be terminated if the base plan is surrendered and exit value under the rider,
    if any shall be payable.

· Rider can be surrendered even without surrendering the base plan

Annexure 1
Below table provides the list of critical illnesses covered:

S. No.         Name of CI or Surgery Benefit Variant          Minor/  1 and 2  3 and 4
                                                              Major      
   1    Angioplasty                                           Minor               
   2    CiS / Early Stage Cancer                              Minor               
   3    Small Bowel Transplant                                Minor               

                                                                                        9
4 Brain Aneurysm Surgery or Cerebral Shunt Insertion Minor          
                                                                    
5   Severe Osteoporosis                                    Minor    

6   Cancer of Specified Severity                           Major    

7   Myocardial Infraction (First Heart Attack of Specific  Major    
    Severity)                                                       
                                                                    
8   Open Chest CABG                                        Major    
                                                                    
9   Open Heart Replacement or Repair of Heart Valves       Major    
                                                                    
10 Coma of Specified Severity                              Major    
                                                                    
11 Kidney Failure Requiring Regular Dialysis               Major    
                                                                    
12 Stroke Resulting in Permanent Symptoms                  Major    
                                                                    
13 Major Organ /Bone Marrow Transplant                     Major    
                                                                    
14 Permanent Paralysis of Limbs                            Major    
                                                                    
15 Motor Neuron Disease with Permanent Symptoms            Major    
                                                                    
16 Multiple Sclerosis with Persisting Symptoms             Major    
                                                                    
17 Benign Brain Tumor                                      Major    

18 Blindness                                               Major    

19 Deafness                                                Major    
                                                                    
20 End Stage Lung Failure                                  Major    
                                                                    
21 End Stage Liver Failure                                 Major    
                                                                    
22 Loss of Speech                                          Major    
                                                                    
23 Loss of Limbs                                           Major    
                                                                    
24 Major Head Trauma                                       Major    
                                                                    
25 Primary (Idiopathic) Pulmonary Hypertension             Major    
                                                                    
26 Third Degree Burns                                      Major    

27 Alzheimer's Disease                                     Major    

28 Parkinson's Disease                                     Major    
                                                                    
29 Aorta Graft Surgery                                     Major    

30  Amputation of Feet Due to Complications from           Major           10
    Diabetes

31 Apallic Syndrome                                        Major

32 Aplastic Anaemia                                        Major

33 Bacterial Meningitis                                    Major

34 Brain Surgery                                           Major

35 Cardiomyopathy                                          Major

36 Chronic Adrenal Insufficiency (Addison's Disease)       Major

37 Chronic Relapsing Pancreatitis                          Major

38 Creutzfeldt-Jacob Disease (CJD)                         Major

39 Crohn's Disease                                         Major

40 Dissecting Aortic Aneurysm                              Major

41 Eisenmenger's Syndrome                                  Major

42 Elephantiasis                                           Major

43 Encephalitis                                            Major

44 Fulminant Viral Hepatitis                               Major

45 Hemiplegia                                              Major

46  HIV due to Blood Transfusion and Occupationally        Major
    Acquired HIV

47 Infective Endocarditis                                  Major

48 Loss of Independent Existence (Cover up to Age 74) Major

49 Loss of One Limb and One Eye                            Major
50 Medullary Cystic Disease               Major             

51 Muscular Dystrophy                     Major             

52 Myasthenia Gravis                      Major             

53 Myelofibrosis                          Major             

54 Necrotising Fasciitis                  Major             

55 Other Serious Coronary Artery Disease  Major             

56 Pheochromocytoma                       Major             

57 Poliomyelitis                          Major             

58 Progressive Scleroderma                Major             

59 Progressive Supranuclear Palsy         Major             

60 Severe Rheumatoid Arthritis            Major             

61 Severe Ulcerative Colitis              Major             

62 Systemic Lupus Erythematosus with Lupus Nephritis Major  

63 Terminal Illness                       Major             

64 Tuberculosis Meningitis                Major             

Critical Illness Definitions:

1. Cancer of Specified Severity

A malignant tumor characterised by the uncontrolled growth & spread of malignant cells with invasion &
destruction of normal tissues. This diagnosis must be supported by histological evidence of malignancy.
The term cancer includes leukemia, lymphoma and sarcoma.

The following are excluded ­

        i. All tumors which are histologically described as carcinoma in situ, benign, pre-malignant,
              borderline malignant, low malignant potential, neoplasm of unknown behavior, or non-
              invasive, including but not limited to: Carcinoma in situ of breasts, Cervical dysplasia CIN-1,
              CIN -2 and CIN-3.

       ii. Any non-melanoma skin carcinoma unless there is evidence of metastases to lymph nodes or
              beyond;

      iii. Malignant melanoma that has not caused invasion beyond the epidermis;
      iv. All tumors of the prostate unless histologically classified as having a Gleason score greater

              than 6 or having progressed to at least clinical TNM classification T2N0M0
       v. All Thyroid cancers histologically classified as T1N0M0 (TNM Classification) or below;
      vi. Chronic lymphocytic leukaemia less than RAI stage 3
     vii. Non-invasive papillary cancer of the bladder histologically described as TaN0M0 or of a lesser

              classification,
     viii. All Gastro-Intestinal Stromal Tumors histologically classified as T1N0M0 (TNM

              Classification) or below and with mitotic count of less than or equal to 5/50 HPFs;

2. MYOCARDIAL INFARCTION (First Heart Attack of Specific Severity)

The first occurrence of heart attack or myocardial infarction, which means the death of a portion of the
heart muscle as a result of inadequate blood supply to the relevant area. The diagnosis for Myocardial
Infarction should be evidenced by all of the following criteria:

                                                              11
   i. A history of typical clinical symptoms consistent with the diagnosis of Acute Myocardial Infarction
         (for e.g. typical chest pain)

  ii. New characteristic electrocardiogram changes
 iii. Elevation of infarction specific enzymes, Troponins or other specific biochemical markers.

The following are excluded:

   i. Other acute Coronary Syndromes
  ii. Any type of angina pectoris
 iii. A rise in cardiac biomarkers or Troponin T or I in absence of overt ischemic heart disease OR

         following an intra-arterial cardiac procedure

3. Open Chest CABG

The actual undergoing of heart surgery to correct blockage or narrowing in one or more coronary artery(s),
by coronary artery bypass grafting done via a sternotomy (cutting through the breast bone) or minimally
invasive keyhole coronary artery bypass procedures. The diagnosis must be supported by a coronary
angiography and the realization of surgery has to be confirmed by a cardiologist

The following are excluded:

   i. Angioplasty and/or any other intra-arterial procedures

4. Open Heart Replacement or Repair of Heart Valves

The actual undergoing of open-heart valve surgery to replace or repair one or more heart valves, as a
consequence of defects in, abnormalities of, or disease-affected cardiac valve(s). The diagnosis of the valve
abnormality must be supported by an echocardiography and the realization of surgery has to be confirmed
by a specialist medical practitioner. Catheter based techniques including but not limited to, balloon
valvotomy/valvuloplasty are excluded.

5. Coma of specified Severity

A state of unconsciousness with no reaction or response to external stimuli or internal needs. This diagnosis
must be supported by evidence of all of the following:

        i. No response to external stimuli continuously for at least 96 hours;
       ii. Life support measures are necessary to sustain life; and
      iii. Permanent neurological deficit which must be assessed at least 30 days after the onset of the

              coma.
The condition has to be confirmed by a specialist medical practitioner. Coma resulting from alcohol or drug
abuse is excluded.

6. Kidney Failure Requiring Regular Dialysis

End stage renal disease presenting as chronic irreversible failure of both kidneys to function, as a result of
which either regular renal dialysis (haemodialysis or peritoneal dialysis) is instituted or renal transplantation
is carried out. Diagnosis has to be confirmed by a specialist medical practitioner.

7. Stroke resulting in permanent symptoms

                                                                                                                             12
Any cerebrovascular incident producing permanent neurological sequelae. This includes infarction of brain
tissue, thrombosis in an intracranial vessel, haemorrhage and embolisation from an extracranial source.
Diagnosis has to be confirmed by a specialist medical practitioner and evidenced by typical clinical
symptoms as well as typical findings in CT Scan or MRI of the brain. Evidence of permanent neurological
deficit lasting for at least 3 months has to be produced.

The following are excluded:

   i. Transient ischemic attacks (TIA)
  ii. Traumatic injury of the brain
 iii. Vascular disease affecting only the eye or optic nerve or vestibular functions.

8. Major Organ /Bone Marrow Transplant

The actual undergoing of a transplant of:

   i. One of the following human organs: heart, lung, liver, kidney, pancreas, that resulted from
         irreversible end-stage failure of the relevant organ, or

  ii. Human bone marrow using haematopoietic stem cells. The undergoing of a transplant has to be
         confirmed by a specialist medical practitioner.

The following are excluded:

   i. Other stem-cell transplants
  ii. Where only Islets of Langerhans are transplanted

9. Permanent Paralysis of Limbs

Total and irreversible loss of use of two or more limbs as a result of injury or disease of the brain or spinal
cord. A specialist medical practitioner must be of the opinion that the paralysis will be permanent with no
hope of recovery and must be present for more than 3 months.

10. Motor Neuron Disease with Permanent Symptoms

Motor neuron disease diagnosed by a Specialist Medical Practitioner as spinal muscular atrophy,
progressive bulbar palsy, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis or primary lateral sclerosis. There must be
progressive degeneration of corticospinal tracts and anterior horn cells or bulbar efferent neurons. There
must be current significant and permanent functional neurological impairment with objective evidence of
motor dysfunction that has persisted for a continuous period of at least 3 months.

11. Multiple Sclerosis with Persisting Symptoms

The unequivocal diagnosis of Definite Multiple Sclerosis confirmed and evidenced by all of the following:

   i. investigations including typical MRI findings which unequivocally confirm the diagnosis to be
         multiple sclerosis and

  ii. there must be current clinical impairment of motor or sensory function, which must have persisted
         for a continuous period of at least 6 months.

Neurological damage such as SLE is excluded.

                                                                                                                             13
12. Benign Brain Tumor

Benign brain tumor is defined as a life threatening, non-cancerous tumor in the brain, cranial nerves or
meninges within the skull. The presence of the underlying tumor must be confirmed by imaging studies
such as CT scan or MRI.

This brain tumor must result in at least one of the following and must be confirmed by the relevant medical
specialist:

   i. Permanent Neurological deficit with persisting clinical symptoms for a continuous period of at least
         90 consecutive days or

  ii. Undergone surgical resection or radiation therapy to treat the brain tumor.

The following conditions are excluded:

    a. Cysts, Granulomas, malformations in the arteries or veins of the brain, hematomas, abscesses,
         pituitary tumors, tumors of skull bones and tumors of the spinal cord.

13. Blindness

Total, permanent and irreversible loss of all vision in both eyes as a result of illness or accident.

The Blindness is evidenced by:

   i. corrected visual acuity being 3/60 or less in both eyes or;
  ii. the field of vision being less than 10 degrees in both eyes.
The diagnosis of blindness must be confirmed and must not be correctable by aids or surgical procedure.

14. Deafness

Total and irreversible loss of hearing in both ears as a result of illness or accident. This diagnosis must be
supported by pure tone audiogram test and certified by an Ear, Nose and Throat (ENT) specialist. Total
means "the loss of hearing to the extent that the loss is greater than 90decibels across all frequencies of
hearing" in both ears.

15. End Stage Lung Failure

End stage lung disease, causing chronic respiratory failure, as confirmed and evidenced by all of the
following:

        i. FEV1 test results consistently less than 1 litre measured on 3 occasions 3 months apart; and
       ii. Requiring continuous permanent supplementary oxygen therapy for hypoxemia; and
      iii. Arterial blood gas analysis with partial oxygen pressures of 55mmHg or less (PaO2 < 55

              mmHg); and
      iv. Dyspnea at rest.

16. End Stage Liver Failure

Permanent and irreversible failure of liver function that has resulted in all three of the following:

        i. permanent jaundice; and
       ii. ascites; and
      iii. hepatic encephalopathy.

                                                                                                                             14
Liver failure secondary to drug or alcohol abuse is excluded.

17. Loss of speech

Total and irrecoverable loss of the ability to speak as a result of injury or disease to the vocal cords. The
inability to speak must be established for a continuous period of 12 months. This diagnosis must be
supported by medical evidence furnished by an Ear, Nose, Throat (ENT) specialist.

18. Loss of Limbs

The physical separation of two or more limbs, at or above the wrist or ankle level limbs as a result of injury
or disease. This will include medically necessary amputation necessitated by injury or disease. The
separation has to be permanent without any chance of surgical correction. Loss of Limbs resulting directly
or indirectly from self-inflicted injury, alcohol or drug abuse is excluded.

19. Major Head Trauma

Accidental head injury resulting in permanent Neurological deficit to be assessed no sooner than 3 months
from the date of the accident. This diagnosis must be supported by unequivocal findings on Magnetic
Resonance Imaging, Computerized Tomography, or other reliable imaging techniques. The accident must
be caused solely and directly by accidental, violent, external and visible means and independently of all
other causes.

The Accidental Head injury must result in an inability to perform at least three (3) of the following Activities
of Daily Living either with or without the use of mechanical equipment, special devices or other aids and
adaptations in use for disabled persons. For the purpose of this benefit, the word "permanent" shall mean
beyond the scope of recovery with current medical knowledge and technology.

The Activities of Daily Living are:

   i. Washing: the ability to wash in the bath or shower (including getting into and out of the bath or
         shower) or wash satisfactorily by other means;

  ii. Dressing: the ability to put on, take off, secure and unfasten all garments and, as appropriate, any
         braces, artificial limbs or other surgical appliances;

 iii. Transferring: the ability to move from a bed to an upright chair or wheelchair and vice versa;
 iv. Mobility: the ability to move indoors from room to room on level surfaces;
  v. Toileting: the ability to use the lavatory or otherwise manage bowel and bladder functions so as to

         maintain a satisfactory level of personal hygiene;
 vi. Feeding: the ability to feed oneself once food has been prepared and made available.

The following is excluded:

   i. Spinal cord injury.

20. Primary (Idiopathic) Pulmonary Hypertension

An unequivocal diagnosis of Primary (Idiopathic) Pulmonary Hypertension by a Cardiologist or specialist
in respiratory medicine with evidence of right ventricular enlargement and the pulmonary artery pressure
above 30 mm of Hg on Cardiac Cauterization. There must be permanent irreversible physical impairment
to the degree of at least Class IV of the New York Heart Association Classification of cardiac impairment.

The NYHA Classification of Cardiac Impairment are as follows:

                                                                                                                             15
   i. Class III: Marked limitation of physical activity. Comfortable at rest, but less than ordinary activity
         causes symptoms.

  ii. Class IV: Unable to engage in any physical activity without discomfort. Symptoms may be present
         even at rest.

Pulmonary hypertension associated with lung disease, chronic hypoventilation, pulmonary thromboembolic
disease, drugs and toxins, diseases of the left side of the heart, congenital heart disease and any secondary
cause are specifically excluded.

21. Third Degree Burns

There must be third-degree burns with scarring that cover at least 20% of the body's surface area. The
diagnosis must confirm the total area involved using standardized, clinically accepted, body surface area
charts covering 20% of the body surface area.

22. Angioplasty (Minor CI)

Coronary Angioplasty is defined as percutaneous coronary intervention by way of balloon angioplasty with
or without stenting for treatment of the narrowing or blockage of minimum 50 % of one or more major
coronary arteries. The intervention must be determined to be medically necessary by a cardiologist and
supported by a coronary angiogram (CAG).

Coronary arteries herein refer to left main stem, left anterior descending, circumflex and right coronary
artery.

Diagnostic angiography or investigation procedures without angioplasty/stent insertion are excluded.

23. Alzheimer's Disease

Alzheimer's (presenile dementia) disease is a progressive degenerative disease of the brain, characterised
by diffuse atrophy throughout the cerebral cortex with distinctive histopathological changes. It affects the
brain, causing symptoms like memory loss, confusion, communication problems, and general impairment
of mental function, which gradually worsens leading to changes in personality.

Deterioration or loss of intellectual capacity, as confirmed by clinical evaluation and imaging tests, arising
from Alzheimer's disease, resulting in progressive significant reduction in mental and social functioning,
requiring the continuous supervision of the Insured Person. The diagnosis must be supported by the clinical
confirmation of a Neurologist and supported by our appointed Medical Practitioner.

The disease must result in a permanent inability to perform three or more Activities of daily living with
Loss of Independent Living" or must require the need of supervision and permanent presence of care staff
due to the disease. This must be medically documented for a period of at least 90 days

The following conditions are however not covered:

    · non-organic diseases such as neurosis;
    · alcohol related brain damage; and
    · any other type of irreversible organic disorder/dementia

The Activities of Daily Living are:

   i. Washing: the ability to wash in the bath or shower (including getting into and out of the bath or
         shower) or wash satisfactorily by other means;

                                                                                                                             16
  ii. Dressing: the ability to put on, take off, secure and unfasten all garments and, as appropriate, any
         braces, artificial limbs or other surgical appliances;

 iii. Transferring: the ability to move from a bed to an upright chair or wheelchair and vice versa;
 iv. Mobility: the ability to move indoors from room to room on level surfaces;
  v. Toileting: the ability to use the lavatory or otherwise manage bowel and bladder functions so as to

         maintain a satisfactory level of personal hygiene;
 vi. Feeding: the ability to feed oneself once food has been prepared and made available.

24. Parkinson's disease

The unequivocal diagnosis of progressive, degenerative idiopathic Parkinson's disease by a Neurologist
acceptable to us.

The diagnosis must be supported by all of the following conditions:

    · the disease cannot be controlled with medication;
    · signs of progressive impairment; and
    · inability of the Insured Person to perform at least 3 of the 6 activities of daily living as listed below

         (either with or without the use of mechanical equipment, special devices or other aids and
         adaptations in use for disabled persons) for a continuous period of at least 6 months:

Activities of daily living are:

   i. Washing: the ability to wash in the bath or shower (including getting into and out of the bath or
         shower) or wash satisfactorily by other means;

  ii. Dressing: the ability to put on, take off, secure and unfasten all garments and, as appropriate, any
         braces, artificial limbs or other surgical appliances;

 iii. Transferring: the ability to move from a bed to an upright chair or wheelchair and vice versa;
 iv. Mobility: the ability to move indoors from room to room on level surfaces;
  v. Toileting: the ability to use the lavatory or otherwise manage bowel and bladder functions so as to

         maintain a satisfactory level of personal hygiene;
 vi. Feeding: the ability to feed oneself once food has been prepared and made available.

Parkinson's disease secondary to drug and/or alcohol abuse is excluded.

25. Aorta Graft Surgery

The actual undergoing of major Surgery to repair or correct aneurysm, narrowing, obstruction or dissection
of the Aorta through surgical opening of the chest or abdomen. For the purpose of this cover the definition
of "Aorta" shall mean the thoracic and abdominal aorta but not its branches.

The Insured Person understands and agrees that we will not cover:

    · Surgery performed using only minimally invasive or intra arterial techniques.
    · Angioplasty and all other intra arterial, catheter based techniques, "keyhole" or laser procedures.
Aorta graft surgery benefit covers Surgery to the aorta wherein part of it is removed and replaced with a
graft.

26. Amputation of feet due to complications from Diabetes

                                                                                                                             17
Diabetic neuropathy and vasculitis resulting in the amputation of both feet at or above ankle as advised by
a Registered Doctor who is a specialist, as the only means to maintain life.

Amputation of toe or toes, or any other causes for amputation shall not be covered.

27. Apallic Syndrome or Persistent Vegetative State (PVS)

Apallic Syndrome or Persistent vegetative state (PVS) or unresponsive wakefulness syndrome (UWS) is a
Universal necrosis of the brain cortex with the brainstem remaining intact. The diagnosis must be confirmed
by a Neurologist acceptable to us and the patient should be documented to be in a vegetative state for a
minimum of at least one month in order to be classified as UWS, PVS, Apallic Syndrome.

28. Aplastic Anaemia

Chronic persistent bone marrow failure which results in anaemia, neutropenia and thrombocytopenia
requiring treatment with at least one of the following:

    a. Blood product transfusion.
    b. Marrow stimulating agents.
    c. Immunosuppressive agents; or
    d. Bone marrow transplantation.

The diagnosis must be confirmed by a haematologist using relevant laboratory investigations including
Bone Marrow Biopsy resulting in bone marrow cellularity of less than 25% which is evidenced by any two
of the following:

    a. Absolute neutrophil count of less than 500/mm³ or less
    b. Platelets count less than 20,000/mm³ or less
    c. Reticulocyte count of less than 20,000/mm³ or less
Temporary or reversible Aplastic Anaemia is excluded.

29. Bacterial Meningitis

Bacterial infection resulting in severe inflammation of the membranes of the brain or spinal cord resulting
in significant, irreversible and permanent neurological deficit. The neurological deficit must persist for at
least 6 weeks resulting in permanent inability to perform three or more Activities of daily Living.

This diagnosis must be confirmed by:

    a. The presence of bacterial infection in cerebrospinal fluid by lumbar puncture; and
    b. A consultant neurologist.

The Activities of Daily Living are:

    i. Washing: the ability to wash in the bath or shower (including getting into and out of the bath or
         shower) or wash satisfactorily by other means;

    ii. Dressing: the ability to put on, take off, secure and unfasten all garments and, as appropriate, any
         braces, artificial limbs or other surgical appliances;

    iii. Transferring: the ability to move from a bed to an upright chair or wheelchair and vice versa;
    iv. Mobility: the ability to move indoors from room to room on level surfaces;
    v. Toileting: the ability to use the lavatory or otherwise manage bowel and bladder functions so as to

         maintain a satisfactory level of personal hygiene;

                                                                                                                             18
    vi. Feeding: the ability to feed oneself once food has been prepared and made available.

30. Brain Surgery

The actual undergoing of surgery to the brain under general anaesthesia during which a craniotomy is
performed. Keyhole surgery is included however, minimally invasive treatment where no surgical incision
is performed to expose the target, such as irradiation by gamma knife or endovascular neuroradiological
interventions such as embolizations, thrombolysis and stereotactic biopsy are all excluded. Brain surgery
as a result of an Accident is also excluded. The procedure must be considered medically necessary by a
Registered Doctor who is a qualified specialist.

31. Cardiomyopathy

An impaired function of the heart muscle, unequivocally diagnosed as Cardiomyopathy by a Registered
Doctor who is a cardiologist, and which results in permanent physical impairment to the degree of New
York Heart Association (NYHA) Classification Class IV, or its equivalent, for at least six (6) months based
on the following classification criteria:

    · NYHA Class IV ­ inability to carry out an activity without discomfort. Symptoms of congestive
         cardiac failure are present even at rest. With any increase in physical activity, discomfort will be
         experienced.

The Diagnosis of Cardiomyopathy has to be supported by echocardiographic findings of compromised
ventricular performance.

Irrespective of the above, Cardiomyopathy directly related to alcohol or drug abuse is excluded.

32. Chronic Adrenal Insufficiency (Addison's Disease)

An autoimmune disorder causing a gradual destruction of the adrenal gland resulting in the need for lifelong
glucocorticoid and mineral corticoid replacement therapy. The disorder must be confirmed by a Registered
Doctor who is a specialist in endocrinology through one of the following:

    · ACTH simulation tests
    · Insulin-induced hypoglycemia test
    · Plasma ACTH level measurement
    · Plasma Renin Activity (PRA) level measurement.
Only autoimmune cause of primary adrenal insufficiency is included. All other causes of adrenal
insufficiency are excluded.

33. Chronic Relapsing Pancreatitis

An unequivocal diagnosis of Chronic Relapsing Pancreatitis made by a Registered Doctor who is a
specialist in gastroenterology and confirmed as a continuing inflammatory disease of the pancreas
characterised by irreversible morphological change and typically causing pain and/or permanent
impairment of function. The condition must be confirmed by pancreatic function tests and radiographic and
imaging evidence.

Relapsing Pancreatitis caused directly or indirectly, wholly or partly, by alcohol is excluded.

34. Creutzfeldt-Jacob Disease (CJD)

                                                                                                                             19
Creutzfeldt-Jacob disease is an incurable brain infection that causes rapidly progressive deterioration of
mental function and movement. A Registered Doctor, who is a neurologist, must make a definite diagnosis
of Creutzfeldt-Jacob disease based on clinical assessment, EEG and imaging. There must be objective
neurological abnormalities on examination along with severe progressive dementia.

35. Severe Crohn's Disease

Crohn's Disease is a chronic, transmural inflammatory disorder of the bowel. To be considered as severe,
there must be evidence of continued inflammation in spite of optimal therapy, with all of the following
having occurred:

    · Stricture formation causing intestinal obstruction requiring admission to hospital, and
    · Fistula formation between loops of bowel, and
    · At least one bowel segment resection.
The diagnosis must be made by a Registered Doctor who is a specialist Gastroenterologist and be proven
histologically on a pathology report and/or the results of sigmoidoscopy or colonoscopy.

36. Dissecting Aortic Aneurysm

A condition where the inner lining of the aorta (intima layer) is interrupted so that blood enters the wall of
the aorta and separates its layers. For the purpose of this definition, aorta shall mean the thoracic and
abdominal aorta but not its branches. The diagnosis must be made by a Registered Doctor who is a specialist
with computed tomography (CT) scan, magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), magnetic resonance angiograph
(MRA) or angiogram. Emergency surgical repair is required.

37. Eisenmenger's Syndrome

Development of severe pulmonary hypertension and shunt reversal resulting from heart condition. The
diagnosis must be made by a Registered Doctor who is a specialist with echocardiography and cardiac
catheterisation and supported by the following criteria:

    · Mean pulmonary artery pressure > 40 mm Hg
    · Pulmonary vascular resistance > 3mm/L/min (Wood units); and
    · Normal pulmonary wedge pressure < 15 mm Hg.

38. Elephantiasis

Massive swelling in the tissues of the body as a result of destroyed regional lymphatic circulation by chronic
filariasis infection. The unequivocal diagnosis of elephantiasis must be confirmed by a Registered Doctor
who is a specialist physician. There must be clinical evidence of permanent massive swelling of legs, arms,
scrotum, vulva, or breasts. There must also be laboratory confirmation of microfilariae infection.

Swelling or lymphedema caused by infection with a sexually transmitted disease, trauma, post-operative
scarring, congestive heart failure, or congenital lymphatic system abnormalities is excluded.

39. Encephalitis

Severe inflammation of brain substance (cerebral hemisphere, brainstem or cerebellum) caused by viral
infection and resulting in permanent neurological deficit. This diagnosis must be certified by a Registered

                                                                                                                             20
Doctor who is a consultant neurologist and the permanent neurological deficit must be documented for at
least 6 weeks. The permanent deficit should result in permanent inability to perform three or more Activities
for Daily Living (listed below).

Activities of daily living are:

   i. Washing: the ability to wash in the bath or shower (including getting into and out of the bath or
         shower) or wash satisfactorily by other means;

  ii. Dressing: the ability to put on, take off, secure and unfasten all garments and, as appropriate, any
         braces, artificial limbs or other surgical appliances;

 iii. Transferring: the ability to move from a bed to an upright chair or wheelchair and vice versa;
 iv. Mobility: the ability to move indoors from room to room on level surfaces;
  v. Toileting: the ability to use the lavatory or otherwise manage bowel and bladder functions so as to

         maintain a satisfactory level of personal hygiene;
 vi. Feeding: the ability to feed oneself once food has been prepared and made available.

40. Fulminant Viral Hepatitis

A sub-massive to massive necrosis of the liver by the Hepatitis virus, leading precipitously to liver failure.
This diagnosis must be supported by all of the following:

   i. Rapid decreasing of liver size
  ii. Necrosis involving entire lobules, leaving only a collapsed reticular framework
 iii. Rapid deterioration of liver function tests
 iv. Deepening jaundice; and
  v. Hepatic encephalopathy.
Acute Hepatitis infection or carrier status alone does not meet the diagnostic criteria.

41. Hemiplegia

The total and permanent loss of the use of one side of the body through paralysis persisting for a period of
at least 6 weeks and with no foreseeable possibility of recovery caused by illness or injury. Self-inflicted
injuries are excluded.

42. HIV due to Blood transfusion and occupationally acquired HIV

    A) Infection with the Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) through a blood transfusion, provided
         that all of the following conditions are met:

    · The blood transfusion was medically necessary or given as part of a medical treatment
    · The blood transfusion was received in India after the Policy Date, Date of endorsement or Date of

         reinstatement, whichever is the later
    · The source of the infection is established to be from the Institution that provided the blood

         transfusion and the Institution is able to trace the origin of the HIV tainted blood; and
    · The Life Insured does not suffer from Thalassaemia Major or Haemophilia.

    B) Infection with the Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) which resulted from an Accident
         occurring after the Policy Date, date of endorsement or date of reinstatement, whichever is the later
         whilst the Life Insured was carrying out the normal professional duties of his or her occupation in
         India, provided that all of the following are proven to the Company's satisfaction:

                                                                                                                             21
    · Proof that the Accident involved a definite source of the HIV infected fluids;
    · Proof of sero-conversion from HIV negative to HIV positive occurring during the 180 days after

         the documented Accident. This proof must include a negative HIV antibody test conducted within
         5 days of the Accident; and

This benefit is only payable when the occupation of the Life Insured is a Registered Doctor, housemen,
medical student, registered nurse, medical laboratory technician, dentist (surgeon and nurse) or paramedical
worker, working in medical centre or clinic in India. This benefit will not apply under either section A or
B where a cure has become available prior to the infection. "Cure" means any treatment that renders the
HIV inactive or non-infectious.

43. Infective Endocarditis

Inflammation of the inner lining of the heart caused by infectious organisms, where all of the following
criteria are met:

    · Positive result of the blood culture proving presence of the infectious organism(s);

    · Presence of at least moderate heart valve incompetence (meaning regurgitant fraction of 20% or
         above) or moderate heart valve stenosis (resulting in heart valve area of 30% or less of normal
         value) attributable to Infective Endocarditis; and

    · The Diagnosis of Infective Endocarditis and the severity of valvular impairment are confirmed by
         a Registered Doctor who is a cardiologist.

44. Loss of Independent Existence (cover up to age 74)

Inability to perform at least three (3) of the "Activities of Daily Living" as defined below (either with or
without the use of mechanical equipment, special devices or other aids or adaptations in use for disabled
persons) for a continuous period of at least six (6) months and leading to a permanent inability to perform
the same. For the purpose of this definition, the word "permanent" shall mean beyond the hope of recovery
with current medical knowledge and technology. The Diagnosis of Loss of Independent Existence must be
confirmed by a Registered Doctor.

Only Life Insured with Insurance Age between 18 and 74 on first diagnosis is eligible to receive a benefit
under this illness.

Activities of daily living are:

    · Washing: the ability to wash in the bath or shower (including getting into and out of the bath or
         shower) or wash satisfactorily by other means;

    · Dressing: the ability to put on, take off, secure and unfasten all garments and, as appropriate, any
         braces, artificial limbs or other surgical appliances;

    · Transferring: the ability to move from a bed to an upright chair or wheelchair and vice versa;
    · Mobility: the ability to move indoors from room to room on level surfaces;
    · Toileting: the ability to use the lavatory or otherwise manage bowel and bladder functions so as to

         maintain a satisfactory level of personal hygiene;
    · Feeding: the ability to feed oneself once food has been prepared and made available.

                                                                                                                             22
45. Loss of One Limb and One Eye

Total, permanent and irrecoverable loss of sight of one eye and loss by severance of one limb at or above
the elbow or knee.

The loss of sight of one eye must be clinically confirmed by a Registered Doctor who is an eye specialist
and must not be correctable by aides or surgical procedures.

46. Medullary Cystic Disease

Medullary Cystic Disease where the following criteria are met:

    · the presence in the kidney of multiple cysts in the renal medulla accompanied by the presence of
         tubular atrophy and interstitial fibrosis

    · clinical manifestations of anaemia, polyuria, and progressive deterioration in kidney function; and
    · the Diagnosis of Medullary Cystic Disease is confirmed by renal biopsy.
Isolated or benign kidney cysts are specifically excluded from this benefit.

47. Muscular Dystrophy

A group of hereditary degenerative diseases of muscle characterised by weakness and atrophy of muscle.
The diagnosis of muscular dystrophy must be unequivocal and made by a Registered Doctor who is a
consultant neurologist. The condition must result in the inability of the Life Insured to perform (whether
aided or unaided) at least 3 of the 6 "Activities of Daily Living" for a continuous period of at least 6 months.

Activities of daily living are:

    · Washing: the ability to wash in the bath or shower (including getting into and out of the bath or
         shower) or wash satisfactorily by other means;

    · Dressing: the ability to put on, take off, secure and unfasten all garments and, as appropriate, any
         braces, artificial limbs or other surgical appliances;

    · Transferring: the ability to move from a bed to an upright chair or wheelchair and vice versa;
    · Mobility: the ability to move indoors from room to room on level surfaces;
    · Toileting: the ability to use the lavatory or otherwise manage bowel and bladder functions so as to

         maintain a satisfactory level of personal hygiene;
    · Feeding: the ability to feed oneself once food has been prepared and made available.

48. Myasthenia Gravis

An acquired autoimmune disorder of neuromuscular transmission leading to fluctuating muscle weakness
and fatigability, where all of the following criteria are met:

    · Presence of permanent muscle weakness categorized as Class IV or V according to the Myasthenia
         Gravis Foundation of America Clinical Classification (given below); and

    · The Diagnosis of Myasthenia Gravis and categorization are confirmed by a Registered Doctor who
         is a neurologist.

Myasthenia Gravis Foundation of America Clinical Classification:

Class I: Any eye muscle weakness, possible ptosis, no other evidence of muscle weakness elsewhere.

                                                                                                                             23
Class II: Eye muscle weakness of any severity, mild weakness of other muscles.
Class III: Eye muscle weakness of any severity, moderate weakness of other muscles.
Class IV: Eye muscle weakness of any severity, severe weakness of other muscles.
Class V: Intubation needed to maintain airway.
49. Myelofibrosis
A disorder which can cause fibrous tissue to replace the normal bone marrow and results in anaemia, low
levels of white blood cells and platelets and enlargement of the spleen. The condition must have progressed
to the point that it is permanent, and the severity is such that the Life Insured requires a blood transfusion
at least monthly. The diagnosis of myelofibrosis must be supported by bone marrow biopsy and confirmed
by a Registered Doctor who is a specialist.
50. Necrotising Fasciitis
Necrotizing fasciitis is a progressive, rapidly spreading, infection located in the deep fascia causing necrosis
of the subcutaneous tissues. An unequivocal diagnosis of necrotizing fasciitis must be made by a Registered
Doctor who is a specialist and the diagnosis must be supported with laboratory evidence of the presence of
a bacteria that is a known cause of necrotising fasciitis. There must also be widespread destruction of muscle
and other soft tissues that results in a total and permanent loss or function of the affected body part.
51. Other Serious Coronary Artery Disease
The narrowing of the lumen of at least one coronary artery by a minimum of 75% and of two others by a
minimum of 60%, as proven by coronary angiography, regardless of whether or not any form of coronary
artery intervention or surgery has been performed.
Coronary arteries herein refer to left main stem, left anterior descending, circumflex and right coronary
artery (but not including their branches).
52. Pheochromocytoma
Presence of a neuroendocrine tumour of the adrenal or extra-chromaffin tissue that secretes excess
catecholamines requiring the actual undergoing of surgery to remove the tumour.
The Diagnosis of Pheochromocytoma must be confirmed by a Registered Doctor who is an endocrinologist.

53. Poliomyelitis
The occurrence of Poliomyelitis where the following conditions are met:

   i. Poliovirus is identified as the cause,
  ii. Paralysis of the limb muscles or respiratory muscles must be present and persist for at least 3

         months.

54. Progressive Scleroderma

                                                                                                                             24
A systemic collagen-vascular disease causing progressive diffuse fibrosis in the skin, blood vessels and
visceral organs. This diagnosis must be unequivocally supported by biopsy and serological evidence and
the disorder must have reached systemic proportions to involve the heart, lungs or kidneys.

The following are excluded:

   i. Localised scleroderma (linear scleroderma or morphea);
  ii. Eosinophilic fasciitis; and
 iii. CREST syndrome.

55. Progressive Supranuclear Palsy

Confirmed by a Registered Doctor who is a specialist in neurology of a definite diagnosis of progressive
supranuclear palsy. There must be permanent clinical impairment of motor function, eye movement
disorder and postural instability.

56. Severe Rheumatoid Arthritis

Unequivocal Diagnosis of systemic immune disorder of rheumatoid arthritis where all of the following
criteria are met:

    · Diagnostic criteria of the American College of Rheumatology for Rheumatoid Arthritis;
    · Permanent inability to perform at least two (2) "Activities of Daily Living";
    · Widespread joint destruction and major clinical deformity of three (3) or more of the following

         joint areas: hands, wrists, elbows, knees, hips, ankle, cervical spine or feet; and
    · The foregoing conditions have been present for at least six (6) months.

The Activities of Daily Living are:

   i. Washing: the ability to wash in the bath or shower (including getting into and out of the bath or
         shower) or wash satisfactorily by other means;

  ii. Dressing: the ability to put on, take off, secure and unfasten all garments and, as appropriate, any
         braces, artificial limbs or other surgical appliances;

 iii. Transferring: the ability to move from a bed to an upright chair or wheelchair and vice versa;
 iv. Mobility: the ability to move indoors from room to room on level surfaces;
  v. Toileting: the ability to use the lavatory or otherwise manage bowel and bladder functions so as to

         maintain a satisfactory level of personal hygiene;
 vi. Feeding: the ability to feed oneself once food has been prepared and made available.

57. Severe Ulcerative Colitis

Acute fulminant ulcerative colitis with life threatening electrolyte disturbances.

All of the following criteria must be met:

    · the entire colon is affected, with severe bloody diarrhoea; and
    · the necessary treatment is total colectomy and ileostomy; and

                                                                                                                             25
    · the diagnosis must be based on histopathological features and confirmed by a Registered Doctor
         who is a specialist in gastroenterology.

58. Systemic Lupus Erythematosus with Lupus Nephritis

A multi-system autoimmune disorder characterised by the development of autoantibodies directed against
various self-antigens. In respect of this Policy, systemic lupus erythematosus will be restricted to those
forms of systemic lupus erythematosus which involve the kidneys (Class III to Class V Lupus Nephritis,
established by renal biopsy, and in accordance with the WHO Classification). The final diagnosis must be
confirmed by a Registered Doctor specialising in Rheumatology and Immunology.

The WHO Classification of Lupus Nephritis:

Class I Minimal Change Lupus Glomerulonephritis

Class II Mesangial Lupus Glomerulonephritis

Class III Focal Segmental Proliferative Lupus Glomerulonephritis

Class IV Diffuse Proliferative Lupus Glomerulonephritis

Class V Membranous Lupus Glomerulonephritis

59. Terminal Illness

The conclusive diagnosis of an illness, which in the opinion of a Registered Doctor who is an attending
Consultant and agreed by our appointed Registered Doctor, life expectancy is no greater than twelve (12)
months from the date of notification of claim, regardless of any treatment that might be undertaken.

60. Tuberculosis Meningitis

Meningitis caused by tubercle bacilli, resulting in permanent neurological deficit. Such a diagnosis must be
confirmed by a Registered Doctor who is a specialist in neurology.

61. CIS / Early Stage Cancer (Minor CI)

Carcinoma In-Situ (CiS) ­ Carcinoma-in-situ shall mean first ever histologically proven, localized pre-
invasion lesion where cancer cells have not yet penetrated the basement membrane or invaded (in the sense
of infiltrating and / or actively destroying) the surrounding tissues or stroma in any of the following covered
organ groups, and subject to any classification stated:

        i. Breast, where the tumor is classified as Tis according to the TNM Staging method
       ii. Corpus uteri, vagina, vulva or fallopian tubes where the tumor is classified as Tis according

              to the TNM Staging method or FIGO (staging method of the Federation
              Internationale de Gynecologie et d'Obstetrique) Stage 0
      iii. Cervix uteri, classified as cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade III (CIN III) or as Tis
              according to the TNM Staging method or FIGO Stage 0
      iv. Ovary ­include borderline ovarian tumors with intact capsule, no tumor on the ovarian
              surface, classified as T1aN0M0, T1bN0M0 (TNM Staging) or FIGO 1A, FIGO 1B
       v. Colon and rectum; Penis; Testis; Lung; Liver; Stomach, Nasopharynx and oesophagus
      vi. Urinary tract, for the purpose of in-situ cancers of the bladder, stage Ta of papillary Carcinoma
              is included.

                                                                                                                             26
The diagnosis of the Carcinoma in situ must always be supported by a histopathological report.
Furthermore, the diagnosis of Carcinoma In-Situ must always be positively diagnosed upon the basis of a
microscopic examination of the fixed tissue, supported by a biopsy result. Clinical diagnosis does not meet
this standard.

Pre-malignant lesion and carcinoma in situ of any organ, unless listed above, are excluded.

b. Specified Early Stage Cancers ­ Specified EarlyCancers shall mean first ever presence of one of the
following malignant conditions:

        i. Prostate Cancer that is histologically described using the TNM Classification as T1N0M0 or
              Prostate cancers described using another equivalent classification.

       ii. Thyroid Cancer that is histologically described using the TNM Classification as T1N0M0.
      iii. Tumors of the Urinary Bladder histologically classified as T1N0M0 (TNM Classification).
      iv. Chronic Lymphocytic Leukaemia (CLL) RAI Stage 1 or 2. CLL RAI Stage 0 or lower is

              excluded.
       v. Malignant melanoma that has not caused invasion beyond the epidermis.
      vi. Hodgkin's lymphoma Stage I by the Cotswold's classification staging system.
     vii. The Diagnosis must be based on histopathological features and confirmed by a Pathologist.
Pre - malignant lesions and conditions, unless listed above, are excluded.

62. Small Bowel Transplant (Minor CI)

The receipt of a transplant of small bowel with its own blood supply via a laparotomy resulting from
intestinal failure.

63. Brain Aneurysm Surgery or Cerebral Shunt Insertion (Minor CI)

    a) The actual undergoing of surgical repair of an intracranial aneurysm or surgical removal of an
         arterio-venous malformation via craniotomy. The surgical intervention must be certified to be
         absolutely necessary by a specialist in the relevant field. Endovascular repair or procedures are not
         covered, or

    b) The actual undergoing of surgical implantation of a shunt from the ventricles of the brain to relieve
         raised pressure in the cerebrospinal fluid. The need of a shunt must be certified to be absolutely
         necessary by a specialist in the relevant field.

64. Severe Osteoporosis (Minor CI)

The occurrence of Osteoporosis with Fractures must be confirmed by a Specialist in the relevant medical
field and all of the following conditions are met:

        i. At least fracture of neck of femur or two (2) vertebral body fractures, due to or in the presence
              of Osteoporosis; and

       ii. Bone mineral density measured in at least two (2) sites by dual-energy x-ray densitometry
              (DEXA) or quantitative CT scanning is consistent with severe Osteoporosis (T-score of less
              than -2.5)

Actual undergoing of internal fixation or replacement of fractured bone is required.

Coverage for Osteoporosis with Fracture will automatically cease after the insured attains seventy (70)
years of age.

                                                                                                                             27
Permanent Exclusions for Critical Illness Benefit:

We shall not be liable to make any payment under this Policy towards a covered Critical Illness, directly or
indirectly caused by, based on, arising out of or howsoever attributable to any of the following:

1. Any Illness, sickness or disease other than those specified as Critical Illnesses under this Policy.

2. Pre-existing Disease means any condition, aliment, injury or disease / critical illness / disability:

         a. That is/are diagnosed by a physician within 36 months prior to the effective date of the policy
              issued by the insurer or its reinstatement; or

         b. For which medical advice or treatment was recommended by, or received from, a Physician
              within 36 months Prior to the effective date of the policy issued by the insurer or its
              reinstatement

Coverage under the policy after the expiry of 36 months for any pre-existing disease is subject to the same
being declared at the time of application and accepted by Insurer.

3. Any Critical Illness directly or indirectly caused due to treatment for, Alcoholism, drug or substance
    abuse or any addictive condition and consequences thereof.

4. Narcotics used by the Insured Person unless taken as prescribed by a registered Medical Practitioner.

5. Any Critical Illness directly or indirectly caused due to intentional self-injury, suicide or attempted
    suicide, whether the person is medically sane or insane.

6. Any Critical Illness directly or indirectly, caused by or arising from or attributable to a foreign invasion,
    act of foreign enemies, hostilities, warlike operations (whether war be declared or not or while
    performing duties in the armed forces of any country during war or at peace time), civil war, public
    defense, rebellion, revolution, insurrection, military or usurped power.

7. Any Critical Illness caused by ionizing radiation or contamination by radioactivity from any nuclear
    fuel (explosive or hazardous form) or from any nuclear waste from the combustion of nuclear fuel,
    nuclear, chemical or biological attack.

8. Working in underground mines, tunneling or involving electrical installations with high tension supply,
    or as race jockeys or circus personnel.

9. Congenital External Anomalies, inherited disorders or any complications or conditions arising
    therefrom including any developmental conditions of the Insured.

10. Any Critical Illness directly or indirectly caused by any treatment necessitated due to participation as a
    professional in hazardous or adventure sport, including but not limited to, para jumping, rock climbing,
    mountaineering, rafting, motor racing, horse racing or scuba diving, hand gliding, sky diving, deep sea
    diving and selfie accident.

11. Participation by the Insured Person in any flying activity, except as a bona fide, fare paying passenger
    of a recognized airline on regular routes and on a scheduled timetable.

12. Any Critical Illness directly or indirectly, caused by Medical treatment traceable to childbirth (including
    complicated deliveries and caesarean sections incurred during hospitalization) except ectopic

                                                                                                                             28
    pregnancy. Any Critical Illness due to miscarriages (unless due to an accident) and lawful medical
    termination of pregnancy during the policy period.

13. Any Critical Illness directly or indirectly, caused by any unproven/ experimental treatment, service and
    supplies for or in connection with any treatment. Unproven/ experimental treatments are treatments,
    procedures or supplies that lack significant medical documentation to support their effectiveness.

14. Any Critical Illness based on certification/diagnosis/treatment from persons not registered as Medical
    Practitioners, or from a Medical Practitioner who is practicing outside the discipline that he/ she is
    licensed for.

15. Any Critical Illness directly or indirectly, caused due to any treatment, including surgical management,
    to change characteristics of the body to those of opposite sex.

16. Any Critical Illness directly or indirectly, caused due to cosmetic or plastic surgery or any treatment to
    change the appearance unless for reconstruction following an Accident, Burn(s), or Cancer or as part
    of medically necessary treatment to remove a direct and immediate health risk to the insured. For this
    to be considered a medical necessity, it must be certified by the attending Medical Practitioner.

17. Any Critical Illness directly or indirectly, caused due to surgical treatment of obesity that does not fulfil
    all the below conditions:

     a. Surgery to be conducted is upon the advice of the Doctor

     b. The Surgery / Procedure conducted should be supported by clinical protocols

     c. The member has to be 18 years of age or older and

     d. Body Mass Index (BMI):

       · greater than or equal to 40 or

       · greater than or equal to 35 in conjunction with any of the following severe co-morbidities
           following failure of less invasive methods of weight loss:

             i. Obesity related cardiomyopathy
             ii. Coronary heart disease
            iii. Severe Sleep Apnea
            iv. Uncontrolled Type 2 Diabetes despite optimal therapy
18. Any Critical Illness directly or indirectly, caused due to treatments received in health hydros, nature
    cure clinics, spas or similar establishments or private beds registered as a nursing home attached to such
    establishments or where admission is arranged wholly or partly for domestic reason.

19. Any Critical Illness directly or indirectly, caused by treatment directly arising from or consequent upon
    any Insured Person committing or attempting to commit a breach of law with criminal intent.

20. In the event of the death of the Insured Person within the stipulated survival period as set out above.

21. Any Critical Illness directly or indirectly, caused by sterility and infertility. This includes:

         a. Any type of contraception, sterilization

         b. Assisted Reproductive services including artificial insemination and advanced reproductive
              technologies such as IVF, ZIFT, GIFT, ICSI

                                                                                                                             29
         c. Gestational Surrogacy
         d. Reversal of sterilization

Annexure 2
Definitions and Exclusions ­ Total and Permanent Disability Benefit
TPD shall mean the occurrence of any of the following conditions as a result of accidental bodily injury,
sickness or disease:

    1. Permanent Disability: Disability means inability of the Insured Person to perform at least 3 of the
         6 activities of daily living as listed below (either with or without the use of mechanical equipment,
         special devices or other aids and adaptations in use for disabled persons) for a continuous period
         of at least 6 months:

The Activities of Daily Living are:
   i. Washing: the ability to wash in the bath or shower (including getting into and out of the bath or
         shower) or wash satisfactorily by other means
  ii. Dressing: the ability to put on, take off, secure and unfasten all garments and, as appropriate, any
         braces, artificial limbs or other surgical appliances

 iii. Transferring: the ability to move from a bed to an upright chair or wheelchair and vice-versa
 iv. Mobility: the ability to move indoors from room to room on level surfaces
  v. Toileting: the ability to use the lavatory or otherwise manage bowel and bladder functions so as to

         maintain a satisfactory level of personal hygiene
 vi. Feeding: the ability to feed oneself once food has been prepared and made available.

    2. Physical Impairment:
         i. Total and irrecoverable loss of sight of both eyes. The blindness must be confirmed by an
                Ophthalmologist, OR
        ii. Loss of use or loss by severance of two or more limbs at or above wrists or ankles; OR

       iii. The total and irrecoverable loss of sight of one eye and loss of use or loss by severance of one
                limb at or above wrist or ankle.

The above disability must have lasted, without interruption, for at least six consecutive months from the
date of diagnosis or accident and must, in the opinion of a qualified medical practitioner appointed by the
Company, be deemed permanent.
Accident means sudden, unforeseen and involuntary event caused by external, visible and violent means.
Accidental Injury means bodily injury of the insured caused solely, directly and independently of any
other intervening causes from an accident {i.e. a traumatic event of violent, unexpected, external and visible
nature).

                                                                                                                             30
The loss of use of a limb is considered as a loss of use when such loss of use involves total and permanent
loss of function of the limb affected as determined by a registered medical practitioner nominated by the
Company.

Exclusions of TPD:

TPD arising directly or indirectly from any of the following are specifically excluded:

We shall not be liable to make any payment under this Policy towards the TPD benefit, directly or indirectly
caused by, based on, arising out of or howsoever attributable to any of the following:

    1. Pre-existing Disease means any condition, aliment, injury or disease / critical illness / disability:

         a. That is/are diagnosed by a physician within 36 months prior to the effective date of the policy
              issued by the insurer or its reinstatement; or

         b. For which medical advice or treatment was recommended by, or received from, a Physician
              within 36 months Prior to the effective date of the policy issued by the insurer or its
              reinstatement

Coverage under the policy after the expiry of 36 months for any pre-existing disease is subject to the same
being declared at the time of application and accepted by Insurer.

    2. Any disability directly or indirectly caused due to treatment for, Alcoholism, drug or substance
         abuse or any addictive condition and consequences thereof.

    3. Narcotics used by the Insured Person unless taken as prescribed by a registered Medical
         Practitioner.

    4. Any disability directly or indirectly caused due to intentional self-injury, suicide or attempted
         suicide, whether the person is medically sane or insane.

    5. Any disability directly or indirectly, caused by or arising from or attributable to a foreign invasion,
         act of foreign enemies, hostilities, warlike operations (whether war be declared or not or while
         performing duties in the armed forces of any country during war or at peace time), civil war, public
         defense, rebellion, revolution, insurrection, military or usurped power.

    6. Service in any military, air-force, naval, paramilitary or similar organization.

    7. Any disability caused by ionizing radiation or contamination by radioactivity from any nuclear fuel
         (explosive or hazardous form) or from any nuclear waste from the combustion of nuclear fuel,
         nuclear, chemical or biological attack.

    8. Working in underground mines, tunneling or involving electrical installations with high tension
         supply, or as race jockeys or circus personnel.

    9. Congenital External Anomalies, inherited disorders or any complications or conditions arising
         therefrom including any developmental conditions of the Insured.

    10. Any disability directly or indirectly caused by any treatment necessitated due to participation as a
         professional in hazardous or adventure sport, including but not limited to, para jumping rock
         climbing, mountaineering, rafting, motor racing, horse racing or scuba diving, hand gliding, sky
         diving, deep sea diving and selfie accidents.

                                                                                                                             31
11. Participation by the Insured Person in any flying activity, except as a bona fide, fare-paying
    passenger of a recognized airline on regular routes and on a scheduled timetable.

12. Any disability directly or indirectly, caused by Medical treatment traceable to childbirth (including
    complicated deliveries and caesarean sections incurred during hospitalization) except ectopic
    pregnancy. Any disability due to miscarriages (unless due to an accident) and lawful medical
    termination of pregnancy during the policy period.

13. Any disability directly or indirectly, caused by any unproven / experimental treatment, service and
    supplies for or in connection with any treatment. Unproven / experimental treatments are
    treatments, procedures or supplies that lack significant medical documentation to support their
    effectiveness.

14. Any disability based on certification/diagnosis/treatment from persons not registered as Medical
    Practitioners, or from a Medical Practitioner who is practicing outside the discipline that he/ she is
    licensed for.

15. Any disability directly or indirectly, caused due to any treatment, including surgical management,
    to change characteristics of the body to those of opposite sex.

16. Any disability directly or indirectly, caused due to cosmetic or plastic surgery or any treatment to
    change the appearance unless for reconstruction following an Accident, Burn(s), or Cancer or as
    part of medically necessary treatment to remove a direct and immediate health risk to the insured.
    For this to be considered a medical necessity, it must be certified by the attending Medical
    Practitioner.

17. Any disability directly or indirectly, caused due to surgical treatment of obesity that does not fulfil
    all the below conditions:

a. Surgery to be conducted is upon the advice of the Doctor

b. The Surgery / Procedure conducted should be supported by clinical protocols

c. The member has to be 18 years of age or older and

d. Body Mass Index (BMI):

    · greater than or equal to 40 or

    · greater than or equal to 35 in conjunction with any of the following severe co-morbidities
         following failure of less invasive methods of weight loss:

         i. Obesity related cardiomyopathy

         ii. Coronary heart disease

         iii. Severe Sleep Apnea

         iv. Uncontrolled Type 2 Diabetes despite optimal therapy

18. Any disability directly or indirectly, caused due to treatments received in health hydros, nature cure
    clinics, spas or similar establishments or private beds registered as a nursing home attached to such
    establishments or where admission is arranged wholly or partly for domestic reason.

                                                                                                                        32
    19. Any disability directly or indirectly, caused by treatment directly arising from or consequent upon
         any Insured Person committing or attempting to commit a breach of law with criminal intent.

    20. In the event of the death of the Insured Person within the stipulated survival period as set out above.

    21. Any disability directly or indirectly, caused by sterility and infertility. This includes:

         a. Any type of contraception, sterilization

         b. Assisted Reproductive services including artificial insemination and advanced reproductive
              technologies such as IVF, ZIFT, GIFT, ICSI

         c. Gestational Surrogacy

         d. Reversal of sterilization

Full Disclosure & Incontestability:
We draw your attention to Section 45 and statutory warning under Section 41 of the Insurance Act 1938 as
amended from time to time ­ which reads as follows:

Section 45 of the insurance Act, 1938 as amended from time to time states that:

(1) No policy of life insurance shall be called in question on any ground whatsoever after the expiry of
    three years from the date of the policy, i.e. from the date of issuance of the policy or the date of
    commencement of risk or the date of revival of the policy or the date of the rider to the policy whichever
    is later.

(2) A policy of life insurance may be called in question at any time within three years from the date of
    issuance of the policy or the date of commencement of risk or the date of revival of the policy or the
    date of the rider to the policy, whichever is later, on the ground of fraud:

    Provided that the insurer shall have to communicate in writing to the insured or the legal
    representatives or nominees of the insured the grounds and materials on which such decisions are based.

    Explanation I ­ For the purposes of this sub-section, the expression "fraud" means any of the following
    acts committed by the insured or by his agent, with the intent to deceive the insurer or to induce the
    insurer to issue a life insurance policy:
    a) the suggestion, as a fact of that which is not true and which the insured does not believe to be true;
    b) the active concealment of fact by the insured having knowledge or belief of the fact;
    c) any other act fitted to deceive; and
    d) any such act or omission as the law specially declares to be fraudulent.

    Explanation II ­ Mere silence as to facts likely to affect the assessment of the risk by the insurer is not
    fraud, unless the circumstances of the case are such that regard being had to them, it is the duty of the
    insured or his agent, keeping silence to speak, or unless his silence is, in itself, equivalent to speak.

(3) Notwithstanding anything contained in sub-section (2) no insurer shall repudiate a life insurance policy
    on the ground of fraud if the insured can prove that the mis-statement of or suppression of a material
    fact was true to the best of his knowledge and belief or that such mis-statement of or suppression of a
    material fact are within the knowledge of the insurer:

                                                                                                                             33
    Provided that in case of fraud, the onus of disproving lies upon the beneficiaries, in case the member
    is not alive.

    Explanation ­ A person who solicits and negotiates a contract of insurance shall be deemed for the
    purpose of the formation of the contract, to be the agent of the insurer.

(4) A policy of the life insurance may be called in question at any time within three years from the date of
    issuance of the policy or the date of commencement of risk or the date of revival of the policy or the
    date of the rider to the policy, whichever is later, on the ground that any statement of or suppression of
    a fact material to the expectancy of the life of the insured was incorrectly made in the proposal or other
    document on the basis of which the policy was issued or revived or rider issued:

    Provided that the insurer shall have to communicate in writing to the insured or the legal
    representatives or nominees of the insured the grounds and material on which such decision to repudiate
    the policy of life insurance is based:

    Provided further that in case of repudiation of the policy on the ground of misstatement or suppression
    of a material fact, and not on the ground of fraud, the premiums collected on the policy till the date of
    repudiation shall be paid to the insured or the legal representatives or nominees of the insured within a
    period of ninety days from the date of such repudiation

    Explanation ­ For the purposes of this sub-section, the mis-statement of or suppression of fact shall not
    be considered material unless it has a direct bearing on the risk undertaken by the insurer, the onus is
    on the insurer to show that had the insurer been aware of the said fact no life insurance policy would
    have been issued to the insured.

(5) Nothing in this section shall prevent the insurer from calling for proof of age at any time if he is entitled
    to do so, and no policy shall be deemed to be called in question merely because the terms of the policy
    are adjusted on subsequent proof that the age of the life insured was incorrectly stated in the proposal.

Prohibition of Rebates: Section 41 of the Insurance Act, 1938 as amended from time to time states:

(1) No person shall allow or offer to allow, either directly or indirectly, as an inducement to any person to
    take or renew or continue an insurance in respect of any kind of risk relating to lives or property in
    India, any rebate of the whole or part of the commission payable or any rebate of the premium shown
    on the policy, nor shall any person taking out or renewing or continuing a policy accept any rebate,
    except such rebate as may be allowed in accordance with the published prospectuses or tables of the
    insurer:

    Provided that acceptance by an insurance agent of commission in connection with a policy of life
    insurance taken out by himself on his own life shall not be deemed to be acceptance of a rebate of
    premium within the meaning of this sub-section if at the time of such acceptance the insurance agent
    satisfies the prescribed conditions establishing that he is a bona fide insurance agent employed by the
    insurer.

(2) Any person making default in complying with the provisions of this section shall be liable for a penalty
    which may extend to ten lakh rupees.

Nomination

                                                                                                                             34
Nomination shall be applicable in accordance with provisions of Section 39 of the Insurance Act 1938
respectively, as amended from time to time.

Assignment
Assignment shall be applicable in accordance with provisions of Section 38 of the Insurance Act 1938
respectively, as amended from time to time.

Rights and Responsibility of the Nominee
In case of death of the Life Insured during the term of the Policy, the nominee will be entitled to receive
the benefits secured under the Policy.
In addition, while processing claim for the death benefit / maturity benefit, the nominee will be required:
1. To produce all the necessary documents.
2. To give valid discharge for the payment of the benefits secured under the Policy.

Expert Advice at Your Doorstep
Our distributors have been professionally trained to understand and evaluate your unique financial
requirements and recommend a Policy which best meets your needs. With experienced and trained
distributors, we are fully resourced to help you achieve your life's financial objectives. Please call us today.
We would be delighted to meet you.

Important Notes:
1. This is only a prospectus. It does not purport to be a contract of insurance and does not in any way

    create any rights and/or obligations. All the benefits are payable subject to the terms and conditions of
    the Policy.
2. Benefits are available provided all premiums are paid, as and when they are due.
3. All applicable taxes, cesses and levies as imposed by the Government from time to time would be levied
    as per applicable laws.
4. Insurance is the subject matter of solicitation.
5. Life Insurance Coverage is available in this Product.
6. All Policy benefits are subject to policy being in force.
7. "We", "Us", "Our" or "the Company" means Axis Max Life Insurance Limited.
8. "You" or "Your" means the Policyholder.
9. Policyholder and Life Insured can be different under this product.

Should you need any further information from us, please do not hesitate to contact on the below mentioned
address and numbers. We look forward to have you as a part of the Axis Max Life Insurance family.

For other terms and conditions, request your Agent Advisor or intermediaries for giving a detailed
presentation of the product before concluding the sale.

CONTACT DETAILS OF THE COMPANY
Company Website: https://www.axismaxlife.com
CIN: U74899HR2000PLC143012

Registered & Corporate Office
Axis Max Life Insurance Limited
Plot No. 90C, Sector 18, Urban Estate, Udyog Vihar,

                                                                                                                             35
Gurugram ­ 122015, Haryana, India.
Tel No.: (0124) 4219090

Customer Helpline Number: 1860 120 5577
Customer Service Timings: 9:00 AM - 6:00 PM Monday to Saturday (except National holidays) or SMS
`Life' to 5616188
Disclaimers:
Axis Max Life Insurance Limited (earlier known as Max Life Insurance Company Limited) is a Joint
Venture between Max Financial Services Limited and Axis Bank Limited. For more details on risk
factors, terms and conditions, please read the prospectus carefully before concluding a sale. You may be
entitled to certain applicable tax benefits on your premiums and policy benefits. Please note all the tax
benefits are subject to tax laws prevailing at the time of payment of premium or receipt of benefits by
you. Tax benefits are subject to changes in tax laws. You can call us on our Customer Helpline No. 1860
120 5577.
IRDAI - Registration No 104
ARN: Axis Max Life/ Prospectus/CIDR/August 2026

BEWARE OF SPURIOUS / FRAUD PHONE CALLS!
· IRDAI or its officials do not involve in activities like selling insurance policies, announcing bonus or

   investment of premiums.

· Public receiving such phone calls are requested to lodge a police complaint

                                                                                                                             36
