PROSPECTUS AND SALES LITERATURE
1. ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA

Entry Age ­ Minimum                      Adult: 18 years
                                         Child: 90 days
Entry Age ­ Maximum                      Adult: Lifelong
                                         Child: 24 years (last birthday)
Exit Age                                 Adult: Lifelong
                                         Child: 25 years
Age of Proposer                          18 years or above
Policy Term
Premium Payment Term                     1/ 2/ 3 years

Cover Type                               Single/ Monthly/ Quarterly/ Half-yearly
                                         Option to pay entire premium in any mode within a Policy Year
Who are covered (Relationship with
respect to the Proposer)                 Individual: max up to 6 persons
Pricing                                  Floater: max up to 2A2C

                                         Self, Spouse/ live-in partner/ same sex partner, Son, Daughter, Father, Mother,
                                         Mother-in-law, Father-in-law, Grand-Father, Grand-Mother

                                         Zone 1 - Delhi NCR, Surat, Mathura, Aligarh, Alwar, Bharatpur;

                                         Zone 2 - Mumbai (MMR);

                                         Zone 3 - Rest of Gujarat;

                                         Zone 4 - Telangana, Ahilyanagar, Indore, Nashik, Pune;

                                         Zone 5 - Alwaye, Asansol, Aurangabad, Bangalore(Urban), Barasat, Bhusaval,
                                         Dehradun, Guntur, Gwalior, Hisar, Hoshangabad, Howrah, Jalgaon, Kolkata,
                                         Mangalore, Nagpur, Quilon, Vijayawada, Visakhapatnam, Haridwar;

                                         Zone 6 - Rest of Karnataka, Rest of Maharashtra, Agra, Amritsar, Chandi-
                                         garh, Chennai, Cuttack, Ernakulam, Hooghly, Jaipur, Ludhiana, Patiala, Patna,
                                         Trivandrum, Ujjain;

                                         Zone 7 - Rest of India.

                                         Note - 1. Cities above means adjoining cities also

                                         2. Delhi-NCR, Mumbai (MMR), is as defined by Government

Notes:

        - All the Age calculations are as per `Age Last Birthday' as on the date of first issue of Policy and/ or at the time of
Renewal.

       -  Option of Mid-term inclusion of a Person in the Policy will be only upon marriage or childbirth; Additional
          differential premium will be calculated on a pro rata basis.

2. BENEFITS COVERED UNDER THE POLICY

S. No.    Description                            Parameters                                      Rates
1.        Discount for Employees and / or their  -                                               15%
          dependents of :
          CHIL
          CHIL's Promoters

CARE SUPREME - UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627                                                                                           1
   2.  Tenure Discount                  7.5% on the second year premium if you pay for 2 year policy term in
                                        advance and additional 10% on the third year premium if you pay for 3
                                        year policy term in advance.

   3.  Family Discount                  This discount shall be applicable on each additional member covered
                                        (other than eldest member) in the same Policy having Sum Insured on
                                        individual basis.

                                        No. of Persons                   Discount

                                        2, 3 members                     5%

                                        4 and above members              10%

   4.  Direct Discounts                 Fresh Policy issuance &                           Up to 15%
                                        Renewal through Direct channel

   5.  Discount in lieu of commission   Fresh Policy issuance & Renewal                   Up to 15%

   6.  Cross Sell Discount (including in lieu If Insured person has existing policy with  Up to 15%

       of commission)                   Company

   7.  Renewal Discount                 Within 30 days before premium payment due         2.5%
                                        date

                                        31 days and above before premium payment due 5%
                                        date

   8.  Corporate GMC policyholder dis-                                                    Up to 10%

       count

   9.  NRI Policyholder Discount                                                          Up to 15%

       Notes:

       Any other discount offered, other than mentioned above, is due to product features (e.g. offering deductible,
       Co-payment etc.) or pricing related considerations (e.g. adding additional Insured Person). They are adequately
       explained in the premium rates annexed hereto with the prospectus.

       All discounts mentioned in the Schedule above, are multiplicative in nature, subject to aggregate maximum
       discount (which will not exceed 50% of the Premium)

   3. BENEFITS COVERED UNDER THE POLICY

       A. GENERAL CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO ALL THE BENEFITS AND OPTIONAL BENEFITS

    1. The premium payable for the above plans would be eligible for claiming Tax Benefits under relevant
    provisions of Income Tax Act, 1961 and amendments thereof.

    2. Child would be migrated to separate Policy of Company and treated as adult upon attaining age of 25 years
    or above at the time of renewal , unless eligible as Adult to be covered under this Policy.

    3.         The maximum, total and cumulative liability of the Company in respect of an Insured Person for any and all
               Claims arising under this Policy during the Policy Year shall not exceed the Sum Insured as mentioned in
               the policy schedule against that Benefit for that Insured Person.

    I.         On Floater Basis, the Company's maximum, total and cumulative liability, for any and all Claims
               incurred during the Policy Year in respect of all Insured Persons, shall not exceed the Sum Insured as
               mentioned in the policy schedule.

    II. For any single Claim including continuous Hospitalization during a Policy Year,
    the maximum Claim amount payable shall be sum total of Sum Insured, Cumulative Bonus ,
    Cumulative Bonus Super (if applicable), Plus Benefit (if applicable), Unlimited Care (if
   applicable).

    III. All Claims shall be payable subject to the terms, conditions, exclusions, sub-limits and wait periods
    of the Policy and subject to availability of the Sum Insured.

    4. Deductible Option (if opted) is applicable on the Benefits namely under Hospitalization Expenses, Road
    Ambulance Cover, Claim Shield, Plus Benefit, Air Ambulance Cover, Unlimited Care.

2                                                                        CARE SUPREME - UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627
 5.  The Co-payment proportion ( If opted ) shall be borne by the Insured Person on each Claim which will
     be applicable on Benefits namely Hospitalization Expenses, Road Ambulance Cover, Optional Benefits-
     Claim Shield , Plus Benefit, Air Ambulance Cover, Unlimited Care.

 6.  Any Claim paid for Benefits namely Hospitalization Expenses (i.e. In-Patient Care , Day Care Treatment ,
     Advance Technology Methods , Pre ­Hospitalization Medical Expenses , Post-Hospitalization Medical
     Expenses ,Organ Donor , Ayush Treatment and Domiciliary Hospitalization ) , Road Ambulance Cover ,
     Claim Shield , Air Ambulance Cover shall reduce the Sum Insured for the Policy Year and only the balance
     shall be available for all the future claims for that Policy Year.

 7.  Admissibility of a Claim under Benefit "In-patient Care and/or Day Care Treatment" is a pre-condition to
     the admission of a Claim under Pre Hospitalization Medical Expenses and Post Hospitalization Medical
     expenses, Organ Donor Cover, Road Ambulance Cover, Claim Shield, Plus Benefit, Air Ambulance
     Cover, Unlimited Care and the event giving rise to a Claim under Benefit "In-patient Care and/or Day Care
     Treatment" shall be within the Policy Period for the Claim of such Benefit to be accepted.

 8.  If Insured persons are covered on an Individual basis, then every Insured person can opt for different Sum
     Insured and different Optional Benefits. If Insured Persons are covered on Floater basis, then the Optional
     benefits if opted shall available to all Insured persons under floater policy unless specifically mentioned/
     catered to in the Policy.

 9. Linear interpolation methodology will be applied to calculate the premium rates if an intermittent value of
 Sum Insured/sub-limit/benefit amount is chosen by the Policyholder

 10. The Company acts as facilitator for the services offered and shall not assume nor be deemed to assume, any
 liability for the quality, deficiencies or availability of services provided by the empaneled service providers.

3.1 Base Benefits

3.1.1 Benefit: Hospitalization Expenses

     (i) Benefit: In-patient Care

     Hospitalization for at least 24 hours - If You are admitted to a hospital for in patient care due to Illness
     or Injury, which should be Medically Necessary, for a minimum period of 24 consecutive hours, We
     will pay for the medical expenses, through Cashless or Reimbursement Facility maximum up to Sum
     Insured, incurred by You at the hospital - from room charges, nursing expenses and intensive care
     unit charges to Surgeon's fee, Doctor's fee, Anesthesia, blood, oxygen, Operation theater charges etc.
     which forms a part of Hospitalization.

(ii) Benefit: Day Care Treatment

     Hospitalization involving less than 24 hours ­ Some surgeries doesn't require or need not necessarily
     require Hospitalization Stay for minimum 24 Hours. It may be for your convenience or it may happen
     that the surgery underwent is minor or of intermediate complexity. We will pay through Cashless or
     Reimbursement Facility for all such day care treatments, maximum up to Sum Insured.

(iii) Benefit: Advance Technology Methods

     We will indemnify you for expenses incurred under In-patient Care and/or Day Care Treatment f o r
     treatment taken through following advance technology methods:

A. Uterine Artery Embolization and HIFU

B. Balloon Sinuplasty

C. Deep Brain stimulation

D. Oral chemotherapy

 E. Immunotherapy- Monoclonal Antibody to be given as injection

F. Intra vitreal injections

G. Robotic surgeries

H. Stereotactic radio surgeries

I. Bronchical Thermoplasty

 J. Vaporisation of the prostrate (Green laser treatment or holmium laser treatment)

CARE SUPREME - UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627                                                                            3
    K. IONM - (Intra Operative Neuro Monitoring)

    L. Stem cell therapy: Hematopoietic stem cells for bone marrow transplant for haematological
   conditions to be covered.

   (iv) Benefit: Pre-Hospitalization Medical Expenses and Post-Hospitalization Medical Expenses

   1. Pre-Hospitalization Medical Expenses

    Examination, tests and medication - Sometimes the procedures that finally lead You to hospital,
    such as Investigative tests, Consultation Fees and medication, can be quite financially draining.
    We cover the medically necessary expenses (Up to Sum Insured) incurred by You for a period
    of 60 days immediately before the date of Your admissible Hospitalization, provided that We
    shall not be liable to make payment for any Pre-hospitalization Medical Expenses that were not
   incurred during the Policy Year.

   2. Post-Hospitalization Medical Expenses

     Back home and till You are back on Your feet - The expenses don't end once You are
     discharged. There might be follow-up visits to Your medical practitioner, medication that is
     required and sometimes even further confirmatory tests. We also cover the medically necessary
     expenses (Up to Sum Insured) incurred by You for a period of 180 days immediately after the
     date of Discharge from Hospital and claim documents to be submitted within 30 days after
     completion of 180 days from the date of discharge from Hospital.

   Note: Payment under this benefit will only be on re-imbursement basis

   (v) Benefit: AYUSH Treatments

     It has been observed at times that a combination of conventional medical treatment and AYUSH
     therapies quicken & aid the process of recovery. Therefore, we will pay You up to Sum Insured
     for medical expenses incurred by You towards Your in-patient admission at any AYUSH Hospitals
     or health care facilities, which administers treatment related to the disciplines of medicine namely
     Ayurveda, Yoga, Naturopathy, Unani, Sidha and Homeopathy. Clause 4.2 (12) under Specific
     Exclusions, is superseded to the extent covered under this Benefit.

   (vi) Benefit: Domiciliary Hospitalization

    Despite suffering from an Illness /Injury (which would normally require care and treatment at a
    Hospital), Hospitalization may not be possible - perhaps Your state of health is such that You are not
    in a condition to be moved to a Hospital or a Hospital room may not be available when you need the
   medical treatment the most.

     Under Our Domiciliary Hospitalization Benefit, We will pay you maximum up to Sum Insured, for
     the Medical Expenses incurred during your treatment at home, as long as it involves medical treatment
     for a period exceeding 3 consecutive days. `Pre Hospitalization Medical Expenses and Post
     Hospitalization Medical Expenses' shall be payable in respect of a claim made under this Benefit.

     Any Medical Expenses incurred for the treatment in relation to any of the following diseases shall not
     be payable under this Benefit:

   (i) Asthma;

   (ii) Bronchitis;

    (iii) Chronic Nephritis and Chronic Nephritic Syndrome;

    (iv) Diarrhoea and all types of Dysenteries including Gastro-enteritis;

    (v) Diabetes Mellitus and Diabetes Insipidus ;

   (vi) Epilepsy;

   (vii) Hypertension;

    (viii) Influenza, cough or cold;

    (ix) All Psychiatric or Psychosomatic Disorders;

   (x) Pyrexia of unknown origin;

4                                                            CARE SUPREME - UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627
 (xi) Tonsillitis and Upper Respiratory Tract Infection including Laryngitis and Pharyngitis;

(xii) Arthritis, Gout and Rheumatism.

(vii) Benefit: Organ Donor Cover

            We care about those who help you as much as we care for you. So, beyond ensuring that your medical
            needs are met, we will pay you up to Sum Insured for medical expenses that are incurred by you
            towards your organ donor, while undergoing the organ transplant surgery, if the donation confirms to
            the Transplantation of Human Organs Act 1994 (amended) and other applicable laws and rules.

            `Pre Hospitalization Medical Expenses and Post Hospitalization Medical Expenses' shall not be
            payable in respect to the donor.

3.1.2 Benefit: Road Ambulance Cover

            It is one of our utmost concerns that you get the medical attention which you require as soon as possible,
            especially in an emergency. Towards that end, we will pay you up to a specified amount/limit per Policy
            Year, for expenses that you incur on an ambulance service offered by the hospital or any service provider, in
            an emergency situation. Through this cover, we will also pay your necessary transportation fares from one
            Hospital to another Hospital, for advanced/better equipped medical support/aid required for your health
            condition, provided medically necessary.

3.1.3 Benefit: Cumulative Bonus

            For every year that you enjoy un-interrupted good health, your bonus keeps building up! It's just our way to
            tell you that we're there with you in good times and in bad.

            Sum Insured (excluding Cumulative Bonus) shall be increased by 50%, provided the policy is renewed
            without a break subject to maximum 100% of the sum Insured.

3.1.4 Benefit: Unlimited Automatic Recharge

 A refill is always welcome! So your sum insured is reinstated just when you need it the most.

 If, due to claims made, you ever utilize the maximum limit of Sum Insured and thereby run out of/exhaust
 your health cover, we reinstate the entire base sum insured immediately, for unlimited times in the policy
year.

            In case of a floater policy, all Insured Person will be eligible to utilize the Recharged amount for any illness
            or injury pertaining to that Policy Year.

 - Any unutilized Recharge cannot be carried forward to any subsequent Policy Year.

 - Please note that the applicable `Cumulative Bonus', `Optional Benefit: Cumulative Bonus Super',
 Optional Benefit: Plus Benefit shall not be considered while calculating `Unlimited Automatic
Recharge'.

 - Recharge amount can be utilized for same illness as well as different Illnesses.

 - A Claim will be admissible under the Recharge only if the Claim is admissible under Benefit:
Hospitalization Expenses;

 -          The Sum insured available under Unlimited Automatic Recharge can only be utilized for Benefits
            under `Hospitalization Expenses' and Benefit `Road Ambulance Cover' under the Policy.

3.1.5 Benefit: Unlimited E-Consultation

            We shall offer unlimited e-consultations with qualified General Physicians at our network during the Policy
            Year through any mode of communication as available(Voice/Video Call /Chat /Email Chat/etc.).

3.1.6 Benefit: Health Services

            Health Portal: You may access health related information and services such as Doctor on chat, Healthy
            tips reminder, Digital locker for medical records etc. as available on Company's website.

            Discount Connect: You may access to Special rates for OPD, Diagnostics, and Pharmacy etc.
            through Network as available on our website.

CARE SUPREME - UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627                                                                                       5
       3.2 Optional Benefits

    The Policy provides the following Optional Benefits which can be opted either at the inception of the policy or at
    the time of renewal. The Policy Schedule will specify the Optional Benefits that are in force for the Insured
   Persons.

   3.2.1 Optional Benefit: Smart Select

    This Optional Benefit provides you a reduction in the premium you pay!

       By choosing this Optional Benefit and thereby getting a reduction on the total premium ( which includes
       premium of Base Benefits, Optional Benefits- Room Rent Modification, PED Wait Period Modification,
       Named Ailment Wait Period Modification, Instant Cover, Deductible, Co-payment, New Born Cover, Plus
       Benefit, Cumulative Bonus Super, Air Ambulance cover, Unlimited Care) payable as specified, you can
       avail Medical Treatment at any hospital listed under Annexure ­ III to the Prospectus.

       However, if you avail Medical Treatment in hospitals other than those mentioned under Annexure ­ III to
       the Prospectus, then you shall bear a Co-Payment of 20% on each and every Claim arising in such regard,
       which will be in addition to any other Co-payment (if any) applicable in the Policy.

    Note: For an updated list of Hospitals mentioned under Annexure ­ III to the Prospectus, please refer to our
   Website. https://www.careinsurance.com/

   3.2.2 Optional Benefit: Room Rent Modification

       Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Policy, by choosing this Optional Benefit, we agree to
       modify the Room Rent / Room Category as per the following:

   Sr. No. Room Category       Eligibility

   1.  Single Private AC Room  It means your maximum eligible Room Category in case of Hospitalization
                               payable by Us is limited for stay in a Single Private AC Room.
   2.  Twin Sharing Room
                               It means your maximum eligible Room Category in case of Hospitalization
                               payable by Us is limited for stay in a Twin Sharing Room.

   Notes:

    -  The nomenclature of Room categories may vary from one hospital to the other. The final consideration
       shall be as per definition of the Rooms mentioned in the Policy.

        - No limit on ICU charges applicable

   3.2.3 Optional Benefit: PED Wait Period Modification

       Choosing this Optional Benefit modifies the applicable waiting period of 36 months for Claims related to
       Pre-existing diseases, to specific time period as specified.

       Hence all the provisions stated under Clause 4.1 (a) (i) holds good for this Benefit as well, except that the
       claims will be admissible for any Medical Expenses incurred for Hospitalization in respect of diagnosis/
       treatment of any Pre-existing Disease after specific time period of continuous coverage has elapsed as
       specified, since the inception of the first Policy with us.

   3.2.4 Optional Benefit: Named Ailment Wait Period Modification

       Choosing this Optional Benefit modifies the applicable waiting period of 24 months for Claims related to
       Named Ailments, to specific time period as specified.

       Hence all the provisions stated under Clause 4.1 (a) (ii) holds good for this Benefit as well, except that
       the claims will be admissible for any Medical Expenses incurred for Hospitalization in respect of diagnosis/
       treatment of any Named Ailment Disease after specific time period of continuous coverage has elapsed as
       specified, since the inception of the first Policy with us.

   3.2.5 Optional Benefit: Instant Cover

       Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Policy, by choosing this Optional Benefit we shall waive off
       the applicable PED waiting period on Diabetes/ Hypertension/ Hyperlipidemia / Asthma at the time of
       issuance of first Policy with us and coverage shall start from the 31st day of Policy start date after serving
       Initial wait period of 30 days.

   

6                                                                  CARE SUPREME - UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627
Note:

 i) The above Optional Benefit can be opted only if this policy is issued for the first time with us.

 ii) Either Optional Benefit - `Instant Cover' or `PED Wait Period Modification' can be opted but not
both.

3.2.6 Optional Benefit: Deductible

      We give you an option of choosing a deductible along with your Plan, which will help you reduce the
      amount of Premium to be paid!!

      Deductible is the claim amount (as specified) which is to be borne by You under this Policy. Deductible
      would apply on an aggregate basis in a Policy Year. We shall be liable only once the aggregate amount of all
      the claims exceed the Deductible.

 Illustration for applicability of Deductible in the same Policy Year:

                                                                                      (Amount in Rs.)

Case  Sum Insured  Deductible            Claim 1    Claim 2    Claim 3 Payable 1 Payable 2 Payable 3
1     25,00,000    10,00,000             750,000    12,50,000
2     25,00,000    10,00,000             750,000    15,00,000  10,00,000 -          10,00,000 10,00,000
3     25,00,000    10,00,000             12,50,000  40,00,000
                                                               30,00,000 -          12,50,000 12,50,000

                                                               40,00,000  2,50,000  22,50,000  Claim not
                                                                                               payable
                                                                                               as SI is
                                                                                               exhausted

3.2.7 Optional Benefit: Co-Payment

      By choosing this Optional Benefit, you will have an option to bear a Co-payment on per claim basis (over
      & above any other co-pay, if any) and Our liability shall be restricted to the balance amount payable.

3.2.8 Optional Benefit: New ­ Born Cover

 By choosing this Optional Benefit, We will allow the addition of New Born baby from day 1.

 Note: All the applicable waiting period shall stand valid for this Benefit. Premium of this Optional Benefit
 shall be payable only at the time of addition of new born and will be pro-rated for the exposure period.

      3.2.9 Optional Benefit: Plus Benefit

      An additional amount as opted, will be available to the Insured Person for all claims (admissible under Base
      Benefits) during the Policy Year, subject to the following conditions:

 a. This Plus Benefit would be applied on the base Sum Insured only.

 b. Any unutilized amount will not be carried forward to the subsequent Policy Year.

 c. The Plus Benefit can be utilized for any number of claims admissible under the Policy during the
Policy Year.

 d.    The Plus Benefit will be applicable only after exhaustion of Base Sum Insured. `Cumulative Bonus',
       `Optional Benefit: Plus Benefit', `Optional Benefit: Cumulative Bonus Super' shall not be considered
       while calculating amount under this Benefit.

3.2.10 Optional Benefit: Cumulative Bonus Super

 For every year that you enjoy un-interrupted good health, your Cumulative Bonus Super keeps building up!

      This Optional Benefit serves as an extension to Benefit: Cumulative Bonus. In a particular year, if this option
      is chosen by you, we raise a cheer to your good health in the form of a Cumulative Bonus Super for you.
      You receive an increase of 100 percent flat in your Sum insured, which is over & above the Sum Insured
      accrued under Benefit: Cumulative Bonus, for the next Policy year. In any case the Cumulative Bonus
      Super will not exceed 500% of the Sum insured and In the event of a Claim there is no impact on the accrual
      of Cumulative Bonus Super. `Unlimited Automatic Recharge' and `Optional Benefit: Plus Benefit' shall
      not be considered while calculating `Cumulative Bonus Super'. Accrued `Cumulative Bonus Super' can

CARE SUPREME - UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627                                                                                7
    only be utilized for Benefits under `Hospitalization Expenses' and Benefit `Road Ambulance Cover' under
   the Policy.

            At the time of Policy renewal if You choose not to renew this Optional Benefit, then the Cumulative Bonus
            Super under the expiring Policy shall be forfeited.

   3.2.11 Optional Benefit: Annual Health Check-Up

            Our prime concern is your good health! For this we are providing you preventive care, over and above the
            amount of Sum Insured!!

    To pre-empt your ever having to visit a hospital, as a preventive measure, we provide an annual health
    check-up at our Network to provide the services, in India, for all the Insured Persons who is covered under
    the Policy, on a Cashless basis. This Benefit shall be available only once during a Policy Year per Insured
   Person.

    i) Medical Tests covered in the Annual Health Check-up, applicable for Insured Persons who are of Age
    18 years or above on the Policy Period Start Date, are as follows:

   Set No.  List of Medical Tests covered as a part of Annual Health Check-up  Sum Insured
   1
            COMPLETE BLOOD COUNT(CBC), URINE ROUTINE, ESR, ABO                 5Lakhs-10Lakhs
   2
            GROUP & RH TYPE, BLOOD SUGAR FASTING, CHOLESTEROL, CHO-

            LESTEROL DIRECT LDL, CHOLESTEROL-HDL, TRIGLYCERIDES,

            TOTAL CHOLESTEROL/HDL RATIO, CREATININE, BLOOD UREA

            NITROGEN, BUN/ CREATININE RATIO, URIC ACID

            COMPLETE BLOOD COUNT(CBC), URINE ROUTINE, ESR, ABO                 Above 10 Lakhs
            GROUP & RH TYPE, BLOOD SUGAR FASTING, CHOLESTEROL,
            CHOLESTEROL DIRECT LDL, CHOLESTEROL-HDL, TRI-
            GLYCERIDES, TOTAL CHOLESTEROL/HDL RATIO, CREATININE,
            BLOOD UREA NITROGEN, BUN/ CREATININE RATIO, URIC ACID,
            TREADMILL TEST

    ii) Medical Tests covered in the Annual Health Check-up, applicable for Insured Persons who are of Age
    below 18 years on the Policy Period Start Date

   List of Medical Tests covered as a part of Annual Health Check-up

   Physical Examination (Height, Weight and Body Mass Index (BMI), Doctor Consultation, Urine Examination (Routine and
   Microscopic)

   3.2.12 Optional Benefit: Be-Fit Benefit

            If you're above 12 years of age, covered under this Benefit - You may avail unlimited visits to the Fitness
            Centers in a Policy year at the Company's network!

    Note: The services availed would be subject to the following conditions:

    -       The services will be provided through an empanelled Fitness center only. Choice of the Insured
            Person in utilizing the services of Fitness Center will be entirely his/ her own and We will have no
            liability towards the quality of services provided by the Fitness Centers.

    -       We shall not be responsible for any disputes or loss in account of availing the services or arising
            between the Insured Person and the Fitness center.

   3.2.13 Optional Benefit: Wellness Benefit

    a. Insured Person who is covered as Adult (aged 18 years and above) in the Policy can avail following,
    provided this benefit is opted for ­

    Discount on renewal Premium by accumulating Healthy days as per table given below. One Healthy
    day can be accumulated by recording 10,000 steps or more in single day through tracking apps,
   devices, etc.

   Healthy Days discount                      Discount on Renewal Premium
    No. of Healthy days in a year             30%
    270

8                                                                              CARE SUPREME - UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627
240                                           20%

180                                           15%

120                                           10%

Less than 120                                 0%

               Note:

 - The above benefit will be applicable on Individual basis. In case of floater, average of number
 of Healthy days earned by Insured Members shall be considered for calculating renewal
 discount. For example,' A' has attained 260 Healthy days and ' B' has attained 230 Healthy
 days, average of the Healthy days is 245 and accordingly the discount calculated is 20%.In case
 of multi tenure, average of number of Healthy days earned over the policy tenure shall be
considered for discount.

 -                    The above section of benefit is available only for Insured covered as Adults aged 18 and above
                      in the Policy and discount calculated shall be applicable on total premium of Policy.

 - Responsibility of mapping device with CHIL system is of the insured/customer

 -                    Number of days completing 10,000 steps or more that are accumulated in last 2 months of the
                      Policy Period would not be considered for discount on renewal premium. The same shall carry
                      forward and will be considered in next policy period.


 -                    In case of installment premium mode is opted, then discount shall be considered only post
                      payment of first 6 month of premium.

 -                    Medical vouchers of value equivalent to renewal discount amount can also be provided to
                      Insured in case he/ she does not wish for discount on renewal premium.

 b. Access to Digital Fitness Coaching

 c. Access to Artificial Intelligence Fitness Coaching

 d. Access to Nutritionist/Wellness Coach

 Note: The above services (b, c, d) shall be available at Our Network and available to Insured Members
 aged above 12 years subject to the following conditions:

 a.                   The services will be provided through an empanelled Provider only. Choice of the
                      Insured Person in utilizing the services of Provider will be entirely his/ her own and We
                      will have no liability towards the quality of services provided by the Provider.

 b. We shall not be responsible for any disputes arising between the Insured Person and the
empanelled Provider.

 c. The network under this benefit, does not constitute medical advice of any kind and it is
 not intended to be, and should not be, used to diagnose or identify treatment for a medical
or mental health condition.

3.2.14 Optional Benefit: Air Ambulance Cover

               Through this Optional Benefit, we will pay you up to the specified amount for availing Air Ambulance
               services in India, offered by a Hospital or by an Ambulance service provider, for your necessary transportation
               from the place of occurrence of Medical Emergency, to the nearest Hospital. Through this cover, we will
               also pay your necessary transportation fares from one Hospital to another Hospital, for advanced/better
               equipped medical support/aid required for rescuing your health condition, following an Emergency.

               However, the treating Medical Practitioner should certify in writing that the severity or the nature of your
               Illness or Injury warrants your requirement for the Air Ambulance

3.2.15 Optional Benefit: Women Care

               If you`re Female aged 18 years & above and have opted for this Optional Benefit, you will be covered on
               cashless basis, up to the amount specified, for following diagnostic services:

a) Mammography

b) Cervical Cancer screening

CARE SUPREME - UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627                                                                                         9
     c) PCOS/PCOD diagnostic tests

    3.2.16 Optional Benefit: Mental Health wellbeing

     Mental Health often taken less seriously!

      In order to keep up with good mental health, we provide you out-patient coverage for specified mental
      conditions through this optional Benefit.

     You can avail Consultation, Counseling and Rehabilitation, up to the specified amount, on cashless basis.

     The conditions included are ­

    a) Acute depression

    b) Obsessive compulsive disorder

    c) Anxiety

     d) Post traumatic stress disorder

    3.2.17 Claim Shield

      If a claim has been accepted under this benefit, then We shall indemnify for the items which are otherwise
      not payable, as per List-I under Annexure I. The maximum claim payout under this benefit shall be limited
      to applicable Sum Insured under the Policy.

     Note: Coverage for any item as per List-I under Annexure I, shall be available only if the same is not
     covered under any Base Benefit or Optional Benefit.

    3.2.18 Unlimited Care

      We shall cover the Hospitalization Expenses of the Insured Person without any restriction/ limits on the
      annual Sum Insured for any one claim in the policy lifetime subject to the following conditions:

     (i) This Benefit can be opted only at the inception of the policy irrespective of Policy tenure.

     (ii) Once opted the Insured Person should continue this Benefit for 5 continuous Policy Years.

     (iii) Once a claim is made under this Benefit, the cover shall cease and not be available for re-selection
    during the subsequent renewal.

     (iv) The total payout under this Benefit will constitute: Base Sum Insured, Cumulative Bonus,
     Cumulative Bonus Super, Plus Benefit and any other additional Sum Insured (if any).

     (v) This Benefit shall be applicable in India only.

     (vi) This Benefit would however be subject to all limits, sub limits, co-payments, deductibles as per the
    Policy.

    3.2.19 True Connect

     If this Optional Benefit is opted, then Policyholder is entitled for a reduction in the total premium (which
     includes premium of Base Benefits, Optional Benefits - Plus Benefit, Cumulative Bonus Super, Unlimited
     Care) and we will indemnify the Insured Person, through Cashless or Reimbursement facility for
     Hospitalization related claim, up to the Sum Insured, provided that the Insured Person has first consulted
     within the network of independent Medical Practitioners empaneled by us and the treatment is as per their
    recommendation.

      In case of Emergency, the Insured Person can directly avail the medical treatment at a hospital and we will
      indemnify the Medical Expenses.

      However, if the Insured Person takes medical treatment at hospitals directly, other than due to Emergency,
      without first consulting within the network of independent Medical Practitioners empaneled with us then the
      Insured Person will have to bear a co-payment of 10% on each and every hospitalization claim arising in
      such regard, which will be in addition to any other co-payment (if any) applicable in the policy.

      Opinion provided by the network of empaneled independent Medical Practitioner will be based only on the
      information and documentation provided by the Insured Person.

     The decision to proceed with any treatment remains solely at the discretion of the Insured Person and we

10                                                        CARE SUPREME - UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627
 will not be liable for any loss suffered by the Insured Person due to advice of empaneled independent
Medical Practitioner.

  Insured Person has opted for this Optional Benefit at his own risk post understanding the fact that he/ she
  will get discount on premium payable.

3.2.20 Health Management Program

  If this Benefit is opted, then we shall provide Health Management Program, designed for Insured Persons
  diagnosed with specified chronic diseases/conditions such as Diabetes Mellitus, Hypertension,
  Hyperlipidemia, Hypothyroidism, etc. (as applicable). The Program aims to provide support for effective
  disease management and improved health outcomes.

 Following health services shall be provided through our network:

 - Dedicated Health Coach Support focused on managing the diagnosed health condition;

 - Condition specific diagnostic tests;

 - Lifestyle guidance, Personalised diet plan, Live interactive sessions on nutrition, Stress management,
Sleep management etc.

  These services can be availed at our network providers and/ or empaneled service providers and same will
  be updated from time to time that will be available on our website or mobile application.

4. EXCLUSIONS

4.1 Standard Exclusions

(a) Waiting Periods

(i) Pre-Existing Diseases: (Code-Excl01)

 a.            Expenses related to the treatment of a pre-existing Disease (PED) and its direct complications
               shall be excluded until the expiry of 36 months of continuous coverage after the date of
               inception of the first policy with insurer.

 b. In case of enhancement of sum insured the exclusion shall apply afresh to the extent of sum
insured increase.

 c.            If the Insured Person is continuously covered without any break as defined under the portability
               norms of the extant IRDAI (Health Insurance) Regulations, then waiting period for the same
               would be reduced to the extent of prior coverage.

 d. Coverage under the policy after the expiry of 36 months for any pre-existing disease is subject
 to the same being declared at the time of application and accepted by Insurer.

(ii) Named Ailment Waiting Period: (Code-Excl02)

 a. Expenses related to the treatment of the listed Conditions, surgeries/treatments and its direct
 complications shall be excluded until the expiry of 24 months of continuous coverage, as may be
 the case after the date of inception of the first policy with the Company.
 This exclusion shall not be applicable for claims arising due to an accident. 
 b. In case of enhancement of sum insured the exclusion shall apply afresh to the extent of sum
insured increase.

 c. If any of the specified disease/procedure falls under the waiting period specified for pre-
 Existing diseases, then the longer of the two waiting periods shall apply.

 d. The waiting period for listed conditions shall apply even if contracted after the policy or
 declared and accepted without a specific exclusion.

 e.            If the Insured Person is continuously covered without any break as defined under the applicable
               norms on portability stipulated by IRDAI, then waiting period for the same would be reduced
               to the extent of prior coverage.

 f. List of specific diseases/ procedures:

 1. Any treatment related to Arthritis (if non-infective), Osteoarthritis and Osteoporosis,

CARE SUPREME - UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627                                                                          11
     Gout, Rheumatism, Spinal Disorders , Joint Replacement Surgery , Arthroscopic Knee
    Surgeries/ACL Reconstruction/Meniscal and Ligament Repair

     2.       Surgical treatments for Benign ear, nose and throat (ENT) disorders and surgeries
              (including but not limited to Adenoidectomy, Mastoidectomy, Tonsillectomy and
              Tympanoplasty ), Nasal Septum Deviation, Sinusitis and related disorders

    3. Benign Prostatic Hypertrophy

    4. Cataract

    5. Dilatation and Curettage

     6. Fissure/ Fistula in anus, Hemorrhoids/ Piles, Pilonidal Sinus, Gastric and Duodenal
    Ulcers

     7. Surgery of Genito-urinary system unless necessitated by malignancy

     8. All types of Hernia & Hydrocele

     9. Hysterectomy for menorrhagia or Fibromyoma or prolapse of uterus unless necessitated
    by malignancy

     10. Internal tumours, skin tumours, cysts, nodules, polyps including breast lumps (each of
    any kind) unless malignant

     11. Kidney Stone/ Ureteric Stone/ Lithotripsy/ Gall Bladder Stone

     12. Myomectomy for fibroids

    13. Varicose veins and varicose ulcers

    14. Parkinson's or Alzheimer's disease or Dementia

     (iii) 30-day waiting period: (Code-Excl03)

     a. Expenses related to the treatment of any illness within 30 days from the first policy
     commencement date shall be excluded except claims arising due to an accident, provided the
    same are covered.

     b. This exclusion shall not, however, apply if the Insured Person has Continuous Coverage for
    more than twelve months.

     c. The referred waiting period is made applicable to the enhanced sum insured in the event of
    granting higher sum insured subsequently.

      Notes:

     (i) The Waiting Periods as defined above shall be applicable individually for each Insured Person
     and Claims shall be assessed accordingly.

     (ii) If Coverage for Optional Benefits (if applicable) are added afresh at the time of renewal of this
     Policy, the Waiting Periods as defined above shall be applicable afresh to the newly added
     Optional Benefits (if applicable), from the time of such renewal.

    (b) Permanent Exclusions

      Any Claim of an Insured Person arising due to any of the following shall not be admissible unless expressly
      stated to the contrary elsewhere in the Policy Terms and conditions.

    1. Investigation & Evaluation: (Code-Excl04)

     a) Expenses related to any admission primarily for diagnostics and evaluation purposes only are
    excluded.

     b) Any diagnostic expenses which are not related or not incidental to the current diagnosis and
    treatment are excluded.

    2. Rest Cure, rehabilitation and respite care: (Code-Excl05)

     a) Expenses related to any admission primarily for enforced bed rest and not for receiving

12                                                                CARE SUPREME - UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627
treatment. This also includes:

 i. Custodial care either at home or in a nursing facility for personal care such as help with
 activities of daily living such as bathing, dressing, moving around either by skilled
nurses or assistant or non-skilled persons.

 ii. Any services for people who are terminally ill to address physical, social, emotional and
spiritual needs.

3. Obesity/ Weight Control: (Code-Excl06)

 Expenses related to the surgical treatment of obesity that does not fulfill all the below conditions:

 1) Surgery to be conducted is upon the advice of the Doctor

 2) The surgery/Procedure conducted should be supported by clinical protocols

 3) The member has to be 18 years of age or older and

4) Body Mass Index (BMI);

 a) greater than or equal to 40 or

 b) greater than or equal to 35 in conjunction with any of the following severe co-morbidities
 following failure of less invasive methods of weight loss:

i. Obesity-related cardiomyopathy

ii. Coronary heart disease

iii. Severe Sleep Apnea

iv. Uncontrolled Type2 Diabetes

4. Change-of-Gender treatments: (Code-Excl07)

  Expenses related to any treatment, including surgical management, to change characteristics of the
  body to those of the opposite sex.

5. Cosmetic or plastic Surgery: (Code-Excl08)

  Expenses for cosmetic or plastic surgery or any treatment to change appearance unless for reconstruction
  following an Accident, Burn(s) or Cancer or as part of medically necessary treatment to remove
  a direct and immediate health risk to the insured. For this to be considered a medical necessity, it must
  be certified by the attending Medical Practitioner.

6. Hazardous or Adventure sports: (Code-Excl09)

  Expenses related to any treatment necessitated due to participation as a professional in hazardous or
  adventure sports, including but not limited to, para-jumping, rock climbing, mountaineering, rafting,
  motor racing, horse racing or scuba diving, hand gliding, sky diving, deep-sea diving.

7. Breach of law: (Code-Excl10)

  Expenses for treatment directly arising from or consequent upon any Insured Person committing or
  attempting to commit a breach of law with criminal intent .

8. Excluded Providers: (Code-Excl11)

  Expenses incurred towards treatment in any hospital or by any Medical Practitioner or any other
  provider specifically excluded by the Insurer and disclosed in its website / notified to the policyholders
  are not admissible. However, in case of life threatening situations or following an accident, expenses
  up to the stage of stabilization are payable but not the complete claim.

 Note: Refer Annexure ­ II of Prospectus for list of excluded hospitals.

9. Treatment for Alcoholism, drug or substance abuse or any addictive condition and consequences
thereof. (Code-Excl12)

10. Treatments received in heath hydros, nature cure clinics, spas or similar establishments or private
 beds registered as a nursing home attached to such establishments or where admission is arranged

CARE SUPREME - UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627                                                                       13
     wholly or partly for domestic reasons. (Code- Excl13)

    11. Dietary supplements and substances that can be purchased without prescription, including but not
     limited to Vitamins, minerals and organic substances unless prescribed by a medical practitioner as

     part of hospitalization claim or day care procedure (Code- Excl14)

    12. Refractive Error: (Code-Excl15)

     Expenses related to the treatment for correction of eye sight due to refractive error less than 7.5
    dioptres.

    13. Unproven Treatments: (Code-Excl16)

      Expenses related to any unproven treatment, services and supplies for or in connection with any
      treatment. Unproven treatments are treatments, procedures or supplies that lack significant medical
      documentation to support their effectiveness.

    14. Sterility and Infertility: (Code-Excl17)

     Expenses related to sterility and infertility. This includes:

     (i) Any type of contraception, sterilization

     (ii) Assisted Reproduction services including artificial insemination and advanced reproductive
     technologies such as IVF, ZIFT, GIFT, ICSI

    (iii) Gestational Surrogacy

    (iv) Reversal of sterilization

     15. Maternity: (Code-Excl18)

     a. Medical treatment expenses traceable to childbirth (including complicated deliveries and
     caesarean sections incurred during hospitalization) except ectopic pregnancy;

     b. Expenses towards miscarriage (unless due to an accident) and lawful medical termination of
    pregnancy during the policy period.

    4.2 Specific Exclusions

      Any Claim of an Insured Person arising due to any of the following shall not be admissible unless expressly stated
      to the contrary elsewhere in the Policy Terms and conditions.

     1. Any item or condition or treatment specified in List of Non-Medical Items (Annexure ­ I to Prospectus).

     2. Taking part or is supposed to participate in a naval, military, air force operation or aviation in a professional
    or semi-professional nature.

     3. Treatment taken from anyone who is not a Medical Practitioner or from a Medical Practitioner who is
     practicing outside the discipline for which he is licensed or any kind of self-medication.

     4. Charges incurred in connection with routine eye examinations and ear examinations, dentures, artificial
     teeth and all other similar external appliances and / or devices whether for diagnosis or treatment

     5. Any expenses incurred on external prosthesis, corrective devices, external durable medical equipment of
     any kind, like wheelchairs, walkers, glucometer, crutches, ambulatory devices, instruments used in treatment
     of sleep apnea syndrome and oxygen concentrator for asthmatic condition, cost of cochlear implants and
    related surgery.

     6. Alopecia wigs and/or toupee and all hair or hair fall treatment and products.

     7. Screening, counseling or treatment of any external Congenital Anomaly, Illness or defects or anomalies or
     treatment relating to external birth defects.

     8. Treatment of mental retardation, arrested or incomplete development of mind of a person,
     subnormal intelligence or mental intellectual disability.

     9. Circumcision unless necessary for treatment of an Illness or as may be necessitated due to an Accident.

14                                                                  CARE SUPREME - UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627
 10. All preventive care (except eligible and entitled for Benefit: `Annual Health Check-up'), Vaccination
 including Inoculation and Immunizations (except in case of post-bite treatment) and tonics.

 11. Expenses incurred for Artificial life maintenance, including life support machine use, post confirmation of
 vegetative state or brain dead by treating medical practitioner where such treatment will not result in recovery
 or restoration of the previous state of health under any circumstances.

 12. Non-Allopathic Treatment, Hydrotherapy, Acupuncture, Reflexology, Chiropractic treatment or treatment
 related to any unrecognized systems of medicine.

 13. War (whether declared or not) and war like occurrence or invasion, acts of foreign enemies, hostilities, civil
 war, rebellion, revolutions, insurrections, mutiny, military or usurped power, seizure, capture, arrest,
 restraints and detainment of all kinds.

 14. Act of self-destruction or self-inflicted Injury, attempted suicide or suicide while sane or insane.

 15. Any charges incurred to procure documents related to treatment or Illness pertaining to any period of
Hospitalization or Illness.

 16. Personal comfort and convenience items or services including but not limited to T.V. (wherever specifically
 charged separately), charges for access to cosmetics, hygiene articles, body care products and bath additives,
 as well as similar incidental services and supplies.

 17. Expenses related to any kind of RMO charges, Service charge, Surcharge, night charges levied by the
 hospital under whatever head or transportation charges by visiting consultant.

 18. Nuclear, chemical or biological attack or weapons, contributed to, caused by, resulting from or from any
 other cause or event contributing concurrently or in any other sequence to the loss, claim or expense. For the
 purpose of this exclusion:

 a.  Nuclear attack or weapons means the use of any nuclear weapon or device or waste or combustion of
     nuclear fuel or the emission, discharge, dispersal, release or escape of fissile/ fusion material emitting
     a level of radioactivity capable of causing any Illness, incapacitating disablement or death.

 b.  Chemical attack or weapons means the emission, discharge, dispersal, release or escape of any
     solid, liquid or gaseous chemical compound which, when suitably distributed, is capable of causing
     any Illness, incapacitating disablement or death.

 c.  Biological attack or weapons means the emission, discharge, dispersal, release or escape of any
     pathogenic (disease producing) micro-organisms and/or biologically produced toxins (including
     genetically modified organisms and chemically synthesized toxins) which are capable of causing any
     Illness, incapacitating disablement or death.

 19. Impairment of an Insured Person's intellectual faculties by abuse of stimulants or depressants unless
 prescribed by a medical practitioner.

 20. Any treatment taken in a clinic, rest home, convalescent home for the addicted, detoxification center,
 sanatorium, home for the aged, remodeling clinic or similar institutions.

 21. Remicade, Avastin or similar injectable treatment which is undergone other than as a part of In-Patient Care
 Hospitalisation or Day Care Hospitalisation is excluded.

 22. Expenses related to any kind of Advance Technology Methods other than mentioned in the Clause 3.1.1(iii).

 23. Hormone replacement therapy.

 24. Any Illness or Injury attributable to consumption, use, misuse or abuse of tobacco, intoxicating drugs,
alcohol, hallucinogens, smoking.

 25. Any treatment or part of treatment or any expenses incurred under this Policy that is not reasonable and
 customary and/or not medically necessary.

 Note: In addition to the foregoing, any loss, claim or expense of whatsoever nature arising out of, contributed to,
 caused by, resulting from, or in connection with any action taken in controlling, preventing, suppressing,
 minimizing or in any way relating to the above Permanent Exclusions shall also be excluded.

5. GENERAL TERMS AND CLAUSES
       5.1 Claim Settlement (provision for Penal Interest)

CARE SUPREME - UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627                                                                               15
     i. We shall settle or reject a claim, as the case may be, within 15 days from the date of intimation on
     receipt of last necessary document.

     ii. In the case of delay in the payment of a claim, we shall be liable to pay interest from the date of
     intimation to the date of payment of claim at a rate 2% above the bank rate .

     iii.  However, where the circumstances of a claim warrant an investigation in the opinion of us, it shall initiate
           and complete such investigation at the earliest in any case not later than 15 days from the date of intimation
           on receipt of last necessary document. In such cases, we shall settle the claim within 45 days from the date
           of intimation on receipt of last necessary document.

     iv. In case of delay beyond stipulated 45 days we shall be liable to pay interest at a rate 2% above the bank rate
     from the date of intimation to the date of payment of claim.

      Bank rate shall mean the rate fixed by the Reserve Bank of lndia (RBl) at the beginning of the financial year in
      which claim has fallen due.

    5.2 Multiple Policies

     i.    In case of multiple policies taken by you during a period from the same or one or more insurers to indemnify
           treatment costs, you shall have the right to require a settlement of your claim in terms of any of your
           policies. In all such cases the insurer chosen by you shall be obliged to settle the claim as long as the claim
           is within the limits of and according to the terms of the chosen policy.

     ii.   You having multiple policies shall also have the right to prefer claims under this policy for the amounts
           disallowed under any other policy/ policies, even if the sum insured is not exhausted. Then the Insurer shall
           independently settle the claim subject to the terms and conditions of this policy.

     iii. If the amount to be claimed exceeds the sum insured under a single policy, you shall have the right to choose
     insurers from whom you want to claim the balance amount.

     iv. Where you have a policies from more than one insurer to cover the same risk on indemnity basis, you shall
     only be indemnified the treatment costs in accordance with the terms and conditions of the chosen policy.

    5.3 Fraud

      If any claim made by you, is in any respect fraudulent, or if any false statement or declaration is made or used in
      support thereof, or if any fraudulent means or devices are used by you or anyone acting on your behalf to obtain
      any Benefit under this policy, all Benefit under this policy shall be forfeited.

      Any amount already paid against claims made under this policy but which are found fraudulent later shall be
      repaid by all recipient(s) / policyholder(s) who has made that particular claim, who shall be jointly and severally
      liable for such repayment to the insurer.

      For the purpose of this clause, the expression "fraud" means any of the following acts committed by you or by
      your agent or the hospital/doctor/any other party acting on your behalf, with intent to deceive the us or to induce
      us to issue an insurance Policy:-

     (a) The suggestion, as a fact of that which is not true and which you does not believe to be true;

     (b) The active concealment of a fact by you having knowledge or belief of the fact;

     (c) Any other act fitted to deceive; and

     (d) Any such act or omission as the law specially declares to be fraudulent

      We shall not repudiate the claim and / or forfeit the policy Benefits on the ground of Fraud, if you / beneficiary can
      prove that the misstatement was true to the best of his knowledge and there was no deliberate intention to suppress
      the fact or that such misstatement of or suppression of material fact are within the knowledge of the insurer

           5.4 Cancellation/ Termination

     (i) You may cancel this policy by giving 7 days `written notice and in such an event, we shall refund proportionate
     premium for the unexpired policy period.

     (ii) Notwithstanding anything contained herein or otherwise, no refunds of premium shall be made in respect
     of Cancellation where, any claim has been admitted or has been lodged or any Benefit has been availed by
     the Insured person under the Policy.

     (iii) If the risk under the Policy has already commenced, or only a part of the insurance coverage has commenced,
     and the option of Policy cancellation is exercised by the Policyholder, then the expenses such as pre- policy

16                                             CARE SUPREME - UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627
 medical examination etc. incurred by the Company will also be deducted before refunding of premium.

 (iv) We may cancel the Policy at any time on grounds of mis-representations, non-disclosure of material facts,
 fraud by you, by giving 15 days' written notice. There would be no refund of premium on cancellation on
 grounds of mis-representations, non-disclosure of material facts or fraud.

Notes:

 In case of demise of the Policyholder,

 (i) Where the Policy covers only the Policyholder, this Policy shall stand null and void from the date and time
 of demise of the Policyholder and the Company shall refund proportionate premium for unexpired Policy
 Period subject to no claim has been admitted or has been lodged or any Benefit has been availed by you
under the Policy.

 (ii) Where the Policy covers other Insured Persons, this Policy shall continue till the end of Policy Period for
 the other Insured Persons. If the other Insured Persons wish to continue with the same Policy, We will renew
 the Policy subject to the appointment of a policyholder provided that:

 I. Written notice in this regard is given to us before the Policy Period End Date; and

 II. A person of Age 18 years or above, who satisfies our criteria applies to become the Policyholder.

In case Premium Installment mode is opted for, then:

 i.         If Policyholder cancels the Policy after the Free look period or demise of Policyholder where he/she is
            the only insured in the Policy, then the Company will refund the installment premium for the unexpired
            installment period, provided no Claim has been made under the Policy.

5.5 Migration

            You will have the option to migrate the policy to other health insurance products/plans offered by us by applying
            for migration of the policy at least 30 days before the policy renewal date as per IRDAI guidelines on Migration.
            If such person is presently covered and has been continuously covered without any lapses under any health
            insurance product/plan offered by us, the insured person will get the accrued continuity Benefits as per IRDAI
            guidelines on migration

       5.6  Portability

            You will have the option to port the policy to other insurers by applying to such insurer to port the entire policy
            along with all the members of the family, if any, at least 30 days before, but not earlier than 60 days from the
            policy renewal date as per IRDAI guidelines related to portability. lf such person is presently covered and has been
            continuously covered without any lapses under any health insurance policy with an Indian General/Health insurer,
            the proposed insured person will get the accrued continuity Benefits as per IRDAI guidelines on portability.

5.7 Renewal of Policy

 The policy shall ordinarilybe renewableexcept on grounds of establishedfraud or non-disclosure or misrepresentation
by you.

 (i) Renewal shall not be denied on the ground that you had made a claim or claims in the preceding policy
years.

 (ii) Request for renewal along with requisite premium shall be received by us before the end of the policy
period.

 (iii) At the end of the policy period, the policy shall terminate and can be renewed within the Grace Period of 30
 days to maintain continuity of Benefits without break in policy. Coverage is not available during the grace
period

 (iv) No loading shall apply on renewals based on individual claims experience

       5.8 Withdrawal of Policy

 (i) In the likelihood of this product being withdrawn in future, we will intimate you about the same 90 days
 prior to expiry of the policy.

 (ii)       You will have a one-time option to renew the existing product, if renewal falls within the 90 days from
            the date of withdrawal of the product or option to migrate to similar health insurance product available with
            us at the time of renewal with all the accrued continuity Benefits such as cumulative bonus, waiver of
            waiting period, etc., as per IRDAI guidelines, provided the policy has been maintained without a break.

CARE SUPREME - UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627                                                                                           17
    5.9 Premium Payment in Installments

      If you have opted for Payment of Premium on an installment basis i.e. Half yearly, Quarterly or Monthly, as
      mentioned in the Policy Schedule/ Certificate of Insurance , the following Conditions shall apply (notwithstanding
      any terms contrary elsewhere in the policy)

     i. Grace Period of fifteen days where premium payment mode is monthly and thirty days in all other cases
     would be given to pay the installment premium due for the policy.

     ii. During such grace period, coverage shall be available if the premium is paid in instalments during the policy
    period.

     iii. You will get the accrued continuity Benefit in respect of the Waiting Periods, Specific Waiting Periods, Sum
     Insured, No Claim Bonus, Moratorium Period etc. in the event of payment of premium within the stipulated
    grace Period

     iv. No interest will be charged lf the installment premium is not paid on due date.

     v. In case of installment premium due not received within the grace period, the policy will get cancelled

     vi. In the event of a claim, all subsequent premium installments shall immediately become due and payable.
     (This clause will not apply to claims arising under `Unlimited E-consultations', `Health Services', `Annual
     Health Check-up', `Be-Fit', `Wellness Benefit', `Women Care and `Mental Health wellbeing' ).

     vii. We have right to recover and deduct all the pending installments from the claim amount due under the
    policy.

     Note: Tenure Discount will not be applicable if you have opted for Premium Payment in Installments.

    5.10 Possibility of  Revision  of Terms of the Policy  Including the Premium Rates

      We may revise or modify the terms of the policy including the premium rates. You shall be notified before the
      changes are affected.

    5.11 Free Look Period

      The Free Look Period shall be applicable on new individual health insurance policies and not on renewals or at the time
      of porting/migrating the policy.

      You shall be allowed free look period of thirty days from date of receipt of the policy document to review the terms and
      conditions of the policy, and to return the same if not acceptable.

     If you have not made any claim during the Free Look Period, you shall be entitled to

     i. Arefundofthepremiumpaidlessanyexpensesincurredbyusonmedicalexaminationoftheyoursandthestamp
    duty charges or

     ii. Where the risk has already commenced and the option of return of the policy is exercised by you, a deduction
     towards the proportionate risk premium for period of cover or

     iii. Where only a part of the insurance coverage has commenced, such proportionate premium commensurate
     with the insurance coverage during such period;

    5.12 Tax Benefit

      The Insured person can avail tax Benefit on the premium paid towards health insurance, under Section 80D of the
      Income Tax Act, 1961, as applicable. (Tax Benefit s are subject to changes in the tax laws, please consult tax
      advisor for more details).

    5.13 Grievances

     In case of any grievance the insured person may contact the company through

    Website/link: https://www.careinsurance.com/customer-grievance-redressal.html

     Mobile App : Care Health - Customer App

     Toll free (whatsapp number): 8860402452

     Courier: Any of Company's Branch Office or corporate office

18                                                                CARE SUPREME - UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627
 Insured Person may also approach the grievance cell at any of the Company's branches with the details of grievance.

  If Insured Person is not satisfied with the redressal of grievance through one of the above methods, Insured Person
  may contact the grievance officer at Branch Office or corporate office. For updated details of grievance officer,
  kindly refer the link https://www.careinsurance.com/customer-grievance-redressal.html

  If Insured Person is not satisfied with the redressal of grievance through above methods, the Insured Person may
  also approach the office of Insurance Ombudsman of the respective area/region for redressal of grievance as per
  Insurance Ombudsman Rules 2017.

 Grievance may also be lodged at IRDAI integrated Grievance Management System - https://bimabharosa.irdai.
gov.in/

 Note: The Contact details of the Insurance Ombudsman offices have been provided as Annexure IV.

6. OTHER TERMS AND CLAUSES (CLAIMS PROCEDURE AND MANAGEMENT)

This section explains about procedures involved to file a valid Claim by you and related processes involved to manage
the Claim by us.

6.1 Pre-requisite for admissibility of a Claim

  Any claim being made by You or attendant of Yours during Hospitalization on behalf of You should comply with
  the following conditions:

 (i) The Condition Precedent Clause has to be fulfilled.

 (ii) The health damage caused, Medical Expenses incurred, subsequently the Claim being made, should be with
 respect to the Insured Person only. We will not be liable to indemnify you for any loss other than the covered
 Benefits and any other person who is not accepted by the Us as an Insured Person.

 (iii) The holding Insurance Policy should be in force at the event of the Claim. All the Policy Terms and
 Conditions, wait periods and exclusions are to be fulfilled including the realization of Premium by their
respective due dates.

 (iv) All the required and supportive Claim related documents are to be furnished within the stipulated timelines.
 We may call for additional documents wherever required.

6.2 Claim settlement - Facilities

(a) Cashless Facility

  We extend Cashless Facility as a mode to indemnify the medical expenses incurred by the Insured Person at
  a Network Provider. For this purpose, the Insured Person will be issued a "Health card" at the time of Policy
  purchase, which has to be preserved and produced at any of the Network Providers in the event of Claim
  being made, to avail Cashless Facility. The following is the process for availing Cashless Facility:-

(i) Submission of Pre-authorization Form: A Pre-authorization form which is available on Our Website
 or with the Network Provider, has to be duly filled and signed by the Insured Person and the treating
 Medical Practitioner, as applicable, which has to be submitted Electronically by the Network Provider
 to us for approval. Only upon due approval from us, Cashless Facility can be availed at any Network
Hospital.

(ii)  Identification Documents: The "Health card" provided by us under this Policy, along with one Valid
      Photo Identification Proof of the Insured Person are to be produced at the Network Provider,
      photocopies of which shall be forwarded to us for authentication purposes. Valid Photo Identification
      Proof documents which will be accepted by us are Voter ID card, Driving License, Passport, PAN
      Card, Aadhar Card or any other identification proof as stated by us.

(iii) Approval: We will confirm in writing, authorization or rejection of the request to avail Cashless
 Facility for the Insured Person's Hospitalization.

(iv) Authorization:

 a)   If the request for availing Cashless Facility is authorized by us, then payment for the Medical
      Expenses incurred in respect of the Insured Person shall not have to be made to the extent
      that such Medical Expenses are covered under this Policy and fall within the amount authorized
      in writing by us for availing Cashless Facility.

CARE SUPREME - UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627                                                                                19
     b) An Authorization letter will include details of Sanctioned Amount, any specific limitation on
     the Claim, and any other details specific to the Insured Person, if any, as applicable.

     c) In the event that the cost of Hospitalization exceeds the authorized limit, the Network Provider
     shall request us for an enhancement of Authorization Limit stating details of specific
     circumstances which have led to the need for increase in the previously authorized limit. We
     will verify the eligibility and evaluate the request for enhancement on the availability of further
    limits.

    (v)    Event of Discharge from Hospital: All original bills and evidence of treatment for the Medical
           Expenses incurred in respect of the Hospitalization of the Insured Person and all other information

           and documentation specified under Clauses 6.4 and 6.5 shall be submitted by the Network Provider

           immediately and in any event before the Insured Person's discharge from Hospital.

    (vi)   Rejection: If We do not authorize the Cashless Facility due to insufficient Sum Insured or insufficient
           information provided to us to determine the admissibility of the Claim, then payment for such treatment
           will have to be made by the Policyholder / Insured Person to the Network Provider, following which a
           Claim for reimbursement may be made to us which shall be considered subject to the Insured Person's
           Policy limits and relevant conditions. Please note that rejection of a Pre-authorization request is in no
           way construed as rejection of coverage or treatment. The Insured Person can proceed with the
           treatment, settle the hospital bills and submit the claim for a possible reimbursement.

    (vii) Network Provider related: We may modify the list of Network Providers or modify or restrict the
     extent of Cashless Facilities that may be availed at any particular Network Provider. For an updated
     list of Network Providers and the extent of Cashless Facilities available at each Network Provider, the
     Insured Person may refer to the list of Network Providers available on Our website or at the call
    center.

    (viii) Claim Settlement: For Claim settlement under Cashless Facility, the payment shall be made to the
     Network Provider whose discharge would be complete and final.

    (b) Re-imbursement Facility

    (i)    It is agreed and understood that in all cases where intimation of a Claim has been provided under
           Reimbursement Facility and/or We specifically states that a particular Benefit is payable only under
           Reimbursement Facility, all the information and documentation specified in Clause 6.4 and Clause
           6.5 shall be submitted to us at Policyholder's / Insured Person's own expense, immediately and in any
           event within 30 days of Insured Person's discharge from Hospital.

    (ii) We shall give an acknowledgement of collected documents. However, in case of any delayed
     submission, we may examine and relax the time limits mentioned upon the merits of the case.

    (iii)  In case a reimbursement claim is received after a Pre-Authorization letter has been issued for the
           same case earlier, before processing such claim, a check will be made with the Network Provider
           whether the Pre-authorization has been utilized. Once such check and declaration is received from the
           Network Provider, the case will be processed.

    

    (iv)   For Claim settlement under reimbursement, We will pay the Policyholder. In the event of death of the
           Policyholder, We will pay the nominee (as named in the Policy Schedule) and in case of no nominee,
           to the legal heirs or legal representatives of the Policyholder whose discharge shall be treated as full
           and final discharge of its liability under the Policy.

    

    (v) `Date of Loss' under Reimbursement Facility is the `Date of Admission' to Hospital in case of
     Hospitalization & actual Date of Loss for non-Hospitalization related Benefits.

    6.3 Duties of a Claimant/ Insured Person in the event of Claim

     It is agreed and understood that as a Condition Precedent for a Claim to be considered under this Policy:

     (i) The Policyholder / Insured Person shall check the updated list of Network Provider before submission of a
     pre-authorization request for Cashless Facility.

     (ii) All reasonable steps and measures must be taken to avoid or minimize the quantum of any Claim that may
     be made under this Policy.

     (iii) Intimation of the Claim, notification of the Claim and submission or provision of all information and
     documentation shall be made promptly and in any event in accordance with the procedures and within the
     timeframes specified in Clause 6 (Claims Procedure and Management) of the Policy.

     (iv) If we request you to submit for a medical examination by Our nominated Medical Practitioner as often as

20                                                                  CARE SUPREME - UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627
 We consider reasonable and necessary. The cost of such examination will be borne by us.

 (v) Our Medical Practitioner and representatives shall be given access and co-operation to inspect the Insured
 Person's medical and Hospitalization records and to investigate the facts and examine the Insured Person.

 (vi) We shall be provided with complete necessary documentation and information which We have requested to
 establish its liability for the Claim, its circumstances and its quantum.

6.4 Claims Intimation

  Upon the occurrence of any Illness or Injury that may result in a Claim under this Policy, then as a Condition
  Precedent to Our liability under the Policy, all of the following shall be undertaken:

 (i)  If any Illness is diagnosed or discovered or any Injury is suffered or any other contingency occurs which has
      resulted in a Claim or may result in a Claim under the Policy, We shall be notified with full particulars
      within 48 hours from the date of occurrence of event either at the Our call center or in writing.

 (ii) Claim must be filed within 30 days from the date of discharge from the hospital in case of hospitalization
 and actual date of loss in case of non-hospitalization Benefits.

 Note: 6.4 (i) and 6.4 (ii) are precedent to admission of liability under the policy.

 (iii) The following details are to be disclosed to us at the time of intimation of Claim:

1. Policy Number;

 2. Name of the Policyholder;

 3. Name and address of the Insured Person in respect of whom the Claim is being made;

 4. Nature of Illness or Injury

 5. Name and address of the attending Medical Practitioner and Hospital;

 6. Date of admission to Hospital or proposed date of admission to Hospital for planned Hospitalization;

 7. Any other necessary information, documentation or details requested by us

 (iv) In case of an Emergency Hospitalization, We shall be notified either at our call center or in writing
 immediately and in any event within 48 hours of Hospitalization commencing or before the Insured Person's
discharge from Hospital.

 (v) In case of an Planned Hospitalization, We shall be notified either at Our call center or in writing at least 48
 hours prior to planned date of admission to Hospital

6.5 Documents to be submitted for registration of Claim

  The following information and documentation shall be submitted in accordance with the procedures and within the
  timeframes specified in Clause 6 in respect of all Claims and claim will be registered only on submission of below
  documents. The date of submission of such information shall be deemed as date of claim registration for the
  purpose of claim processing:

 1. Duly filled and signed Claim form by the Insured Person;

 2. Copy of Photo ID and address proof of Insured Person;

 3. Medical Practitioner's first consultation paper and referral letter advising Hospitalization;

 4. Medical Practitioner's prescription advising drugs or diagnostic tests or consultations;

 5. Original numbered bills/ receipts and discharge summary from the Hospital/Medical Practitioner;

 6. Original numbered bills from licensed pharmacy/chemists;

 7. Original pathological/diagnostic test reports/radiology reports and payment receipts;

 8. Operation Theatre Notes(if applicable);

 9. Emergency Notes, Initial Assessment Sheet and Indoor case papers(if applicable);

 10. Original investigation test reports and payment receipts supported by Doctor's reference slip;

CARE SUPREME - UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627                                                                               21
     11. MLC/FIR report, Post Mortem Report if applicable and conducted;

    12. Ambulance Receipt;

     13. Any other document as required by us to assess the Claim, in case fraud is suspected.

    Notes:

     - We may give a waiver to one or few of the above mentioned documents depending upon the case.

     - Additional documents as specified against any Benefit shall be submitted to us

     - We will accept bills/invoices which are made in the Insured person's name only.

     - We may seek any other document as required to assess the Claim.

     -    Only in the event that original bills, receipts, prescriptions, reports or other documents have already been
          given to any other insurance company, We will accept properly verified photocopies of such documents
          attested by such other insurance company along with an original certificate of the extent of payment received
          from such insurance company.

      However, claims filed even beyond the timelines mentioned above should be considered if there are valid reasons
      for any delay.

    6.6 Claim Assessment

     (a) We shall scrutinize the Claim and supportive documents, once received. In case of any deficiency, We may
     call for any additional documents or information as required, based on the circumstances of the Claim.

     (b) All admissible Claims under this Policy shall be assessed by us in the following progressive order:

     (i)    If a room accommodation has been opted for where the Room Rent or Room Category is higher than
            the eligible limit as applicable for that Insured Person as specified, then, the Associate Medical
            Expenses payable shall be pro-rated as per the applicable limits.

     (ii) The Deductible (if applicable) shall be applied to the aggregate of all Claims that are either paid
     or payable under this Policy. Our liability to make payment shall commence only once the aggregate
     amount of all Claims payable or paid exceed the Deductible.

     (iii) Co-payment (if applicable) shall be applicable on the admissible claim amount payable by us.

     (iv) The balance amount, if any, subject to the applicability of sub-limits, our liability to make payment
     shall be limited to such extent as applicable and shall be the Claim payable

     (c) The Claim amount assessed in Clause 6.1.6 (b) above would be deducted from the following amounts in the
    following progressive order:

    (i) Sum Insured;

     (ii) Plus benefit, as applicable

    (iii) Cumulative Bonus

     (iv) Cumulative Bonus Super, as applicable

    (v) Unlimited Automatic Recharge

     (d) All claims incurred in India are serviced by us directly.

    6.7 Payment Terms

     (a) This Policy covers only medical treatment taken entirely within India. All payments under this Policy shall
     be made in Indian Rupees and within India.

     (b) We shall have no liability to make payment of a Claim under the Policy in respect of an Insured Person
     during the Policy Period, once the Sum Insured for that Insured Person is exhausted.

     (c)  We shall settle or reject any Claim within 15 days of intimation on receipt of all the necessary documents /
          information as required for settlement of such Claim and sought by us. We shall provide you an offer of
          settlement of Claim and upon acceptance of such offer by you we shall make payment within 7 days from
          the date of receipt of such acceptance.

22                                                                        CARE SUPREME - UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627
 (d)    The Claim shall be paid only for the Policy Year in which the Insured event which gives rise to a Claim
        under this Policy occurs.

 (e)    The Premium for the policy will remain the same for the policy period mentioned in the Policy Schedule.

 (f)    The Policy covers Reasonable and Customary Charges incurred towards medical treatment taken or any
        other expenses triggers under any Benefit during the Policy Period.

 (g)    Under this Policy, the Company's total, cumulative, maximum liability during the Policy Year is maximum
        up to the Sum Insured unless any additional Sum Insured available or accrued under any Benefit.

 (h)    For diseases or conditions or procedure that have a specified sub-limit then all related expenses shall be
        covered up to the sub-limit specified for that disease or condition or procedure. In case there is a specified
        sub-limit then the Company's total, cumulative, maximum liability during the Policy Year is maximum up
        to the specified sub-limit subject to the available Sum Insured in the Policy Year.

        For example- if the Policy specifies a sub-limit of Rs. 50,000 for a particular disease then all expenses related
        to the treatment of that disease (including but not limited to pre-hospitalization, hospitalization and post-
        hospitalization) will be covered up to Rs. 50,000, subject to Sum Insured availability in the Policy Year even
        if the overall Sum Insured is higher.

7. PRE-POLICY ISSUANCE MEDICAL CHECK-UP

       We may ask the Insured Person to undergo requisite pre-policy Medical Check-up based on the age and the Sum Insured
       selected. The result of these tests shall be valid for a period of 3 months from the date of tests.

       You will be required to undergo Pre-Policy Medical Check-up with respect to the grid mentioned below. The cost of the
       medical tests would be borne by Us in case You opt for a 2 year or 3 year tenure and Your proposal is accepted. We shall
       bear 50% of the cost of medical tests in case You opt for a 1 year tenure and Your proposal is accepted.

       Also, wherever any Pre-Existing Disease or any other adverse medical history is declared for any member, We may
       ask such Insured Person to undergo tele-underwriting which may include specific tests, as We may deem fit to evaluate
       such member, irrespective of the member's age. We shall bear the cost of such medical tests if your proposal is accepted.

Age                 Particular
Up to 65 years      No Medical Tests if no Pre-Existing declared
66 Years and above  Medical Tests as follows- MER, CBC &ESR, HBA1C, T. Cholesterol, ECG, SGPT, S. Creatinine,
                    RUA

8. SCHEDULE OF BENEFITS

S. No.  Product Name                             Care Supreme
1.      Sum Insured (SI) ­ on annual basis (in   5L/ 7L/ 10L/ 15L/ 20L/ 25L/ 50L/ 75L/ 1 Cr/ 6 Cr
        Rs.)
2.      Base Benefits                            Up to SI
        Hospitalization Expenses                 All Day Care Procedures
        - In-Patient Care                        Up to SI
        - Day Care Treatment                     Up to SI, Pre-Hospitalization expense cover for 60 days prior to
        - Advance Technology Methods             hospitalization
        - Pre-Hospitalization Medical Expenses   Up to SI, Post-Hospitalization expense cover for 180 days after
                                                 discharge
        - Post Hospitalization Medical Expenses  Up to SI

        - AYUSH Treatment

        - Domiciliary Hospitalization            Up to SI
        - Organ Donor Cover                      Up to SI
        Road Ambulance Cover                     For SI < 15 lac SI ­ up to Rs. 10,000
                                                 For 15 lac and above SI - Up to SI

CARE SUPREME - UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627                                                                                           23
    3.      Cumulative Bonus                     50% of SI per year, max up to 100% of SI;
    4.                                           Note: Shall not reduce in case of claim
    5.      Unlimited Automatic Recharge
    6.      Unlimited E-Consultations            Available for unlimited times for unrelated or same illness.
            Health Services
    S. No.                                       Available for Consultations with General Physicians
    1.
                                                 Health Portal - Doctor on chat, Healthy tips reminder, etc.
    2.                                           Discount Connect - Discounts on services such as consultations,
    3.                                           diagnostics, maternity etc at our network.
    4.
    5.      Optional Benefits                    For listed Smart Select Hospitals : Up to SI
            Smart Select                         Other than listed Smart Select Hospitals : Up to SI with an addi-
    6.                                           tional co-payment of 20% per claim
    7.      Room Rent Modification               Twin Sharing Room /Single Private Room
    8.      PED Wait Period Modification
    9.      Named Ailment Wait Period Modifica-  PED wait period shall be modified to 1 year/2 years
    10.     tion                                 Named Ailment wait period shall be modified to 1 year
            Instant Cover
    11.                                          No PED wait period (for Diabetes/ Hypertension/ Hyperlipidimia
    12.     Deductible                           / Asthma) If Insured Person has these Pre-Existing Diseases at the
    13.     Co-payment                           time of issuance of first Policy with us, the applicable PED wait
            New Born cover                       period shall be waived off on Diabetes/ Hypertension/ Hyperlipid-
            Plus benefit                         emia/ Asthma.
            Cumulative Bonus Super               10k, 25k, 50k, 1 Lac, 2 Lac, 5 Lac, 10 Lac
                                                 5%, 10%, 20%, 30% & 50%
            Annual Health check up               New born babies are allowed to get coverage from the day 1
            Be-Fit Benefit                       All wait period will be applicable mandatorily
                                                 Additional 20% SI, maximum up to 10 lacs from day 1
            Wellness benefit
                                                 Up to 100% of Base SI per year, Max up to 500% of Base
                                                 SI
                                                 Note: Shall not reduce in case of claim
                                                 Once for all Insured every policy year
                                                 Unlimited visits to Fitness centers can be availed by Insured
                                                 members aged above 12 years
                                                 a. Recording 10,000 steps or more in a day through track-

                                                     ing apps, devices etc.

                                                 No. of days in a year  Renewal Discount
                                                 270                    30%
                                                 240                    20%
                                                 180                    15%
                                                 120                    10%

                                                 Less than 120          0%

                                                 - This benefit will be applicable on Individual basis. In
                                                     case of floater, average of no. of healthy days as attained
                                                     by the Insured shall be considered

                                                 - Responsibility of mapping device with CHIL system is
                                                     of the Insured

24                                                                      CARE SUPREME - UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627
14  Air Ambulance Cover                  - No. of days completing 10,000 steps or more that are
                                             accumulated in last 2 months of the Policy Period would
15  Women Care                               not be considered for discount on renewal premium. The
                                             same shall carry forward and will be considered in next
    - Mammography                            policy period.

    - Cervical Cancer screening          - In case of multi tenure, average of no. of healthy days
                                             over policy tenure will be considered for discount
    - PCOS/PCOD Tests
                                         - In case of installment premium mode is opted, then
16  Mental Health well being                 discount shall be considered only post payment of first 6
                                             month of premium.
17  Claim Shield
                                         - Medical voucher of value equivalent to renewal discount
18  Unlimited Care                           amount can also be provided to Insured in case he/ she
                                             does not wish for discount on renewal premium.
19  True Connect
                                         Note: The above section of benefit is available only for
                                         Insured covered as Adults aged 18 and above in the Policy
                                         and discount calculated shall be applicable on total premium
                                         of Policy.
                                         b. Access to Digital Fitness Coaching
                                         c. Access to AI Fitness Coaching
                                         d. Access to Nutritionist/Wellness Coach
                                         Note: Benefit (b, c & d) shall be available for Insured mem-
                                         bers aged above 12 years

                                         Up to 5 Lacs per year
                                         Up to 10k/25k/50k per year (only on cashless)
                                         Note: This benefit is available only for women Insured
                                         members aged 18 Years and above.

                                         Up to 10k/25k/50k per year (only on cashless)
                                         Covers consultations, counseling and rehab of listed mental
                                         illness:
                                         Acute depression, Obsessive compulsive disorder, Anxiety,
                                         Post traumatic stress disorder

                                         Non Payable items covered up to Sum Insured.
                                         The Company shall Indemnify the Hospitalisation Expenses
                                         incurred in respect of the Insured Person for any one claim
                                         during the lifetime of the Policy without any limits on the
                                         Base Sum Insured.
                                         This benefit will get triggered after the utilisation of base
                                         Sum Insured, additional Sum Insured or Bonus accrued (if
                                         any).
                                         By choosing this Optional Benefit, reduction on the premi-
                                         um shall be available provided Insured Person consults for
                                         hospitalization within the network of independent Medical
                                         Practitioners empanelled by the Company and if the treat-
                                         ment is taken as per their recommendation, then the cover-
                                         age available is up to SI.

CARE SUPREME - UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627                                                                 25
    20          Health Management Program              If the Insured Person takes medical treatment at hospitals di-
                                                       rectly, other than Emergency , without first consulting within
                                                       the network of independent Medical Practitioners empan-
                                                       elled by the Company then the Insured Person will have to
                                                       pay a co-payment of 10% on each and every hospitalization
                                                       claim

                                                       Health management program designed for Insured diag-
                                                       nosed/ suffering from specified diseases and conditions such
                                                       as Diabetes Mellitus, Hypertension, Hyperlipidemia, hypo-
                                                       thyroidism etc. (as available).
                                                       Following health services shall be provided through the
                                                       Company's network ­
                                                       - Dedicated health coach support focusing on health con-

                                                           ditions;
                                                       - Condition specific diagnostic tests;
                                                       - Lifestyle guidance, Personalised diet plan, Live inter-

                                                           active sessions on nutrition, Stress management, Sleep
                                                           management etc.

    Waiting Periods

    1           Initial Waiting Period                 30 Days

                (not applicable on accident cases)     24 months
                                                       36 months
    2.          Named Ailment Waiting Period

    3.          Pre-Existing Diseases Waiting Period

    Sub Limits

    1           Room Eligibility                       No limit
                                                       No limit
    2           CU Charges

    ABOUT US

           Care Health Insurance is a specialized health insurer offering products in the retail segment for Health Insurance, Top-up
           Coverage, Personal Accident, Maternity, International Travel Insurance and Critical Illness along with Group Health
           Insurance and Group Personal Accident Insurance for Corporates, Micro Insurance Products for the Rural Market and
           a Comprehensive Set of Wellness Services. With its operating philosophy being based on the principal tenet of `consumer-
           centricity', the company has consistently invested in the effective application of technology to deliver excellence in
           customer servicing, product innovation and value-for-money services.

           Care Health Insurance (CHI) was conferred `Smart Insurer'and `Sales Champion' awards in the Health Insurance category
           at the ET Now Insurance Summit & Awards 2025 in December 2025.

    Registered Office                   Care Health Insurance Limited
                                        5th Floor, 19 Chawla House, Nehru Place, New Delhi-110019
    Correspondence Office               Vipul Tech Square, Tower C, 3rd Floor, Golf Course Road, Sector-43,
                                        Gurugram-122009 (Haryana)
    Tollfree (WhatsApp Number)          8860402452
    E-mail ID for Claims                claims@careinsurance.com
    Submit Your Queries/Requests        https://www.careinsurance.com/contact-us.html
    Website                             www.careinsurance.com

        Disclaimer: This is only a summary of product             . For more details on risk factors, terms and conditions

        please read sales brochure carefully before concluding a sale. Please seek the advice of your insurance advisor if you require

        any further information or clarification.

        Statutory Warning: Prohibition of Rebates (under Section 41 of Insurance Act, 1938): No person shall allow or offer to

26                                                                CARE SUPREME - UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627
       allow, either directly or indirectly as an inducement to any person to take out or renew or continue an insurance in respect
       of any kind of risk relating to lives or property in India, any rebate of the whole or part of the commission payable or
       any rebate of the premium shown on the policy, nor shall any person taking out or renewing or continuing a Policy accept
       any rebate, except such rebate as may be allowed in accordance with the published prospectus or tables of the insurer.
       Any person making default in complying with the provisions of this section shall be liable for a penalty which may
       extend to ten lakh rupees.

       Note:

       1. The foregoing is only an indication of the cover offered. For details, please refer to the Policy terms and conditions,
 available on request.

       2. The Proposal Form shall form the basis of the insurance contract. It is mandatory for You to provide Us a duly
 filled in and signed Proposal Form and retain a copy as an evidence of the basis of the insurance contract.

       3. Any risk under the Policy shall commence only once We receive the premium (including all taxes and levies
thereto).

       4. In case You have not understood any of the details, coverage, etc. in this document, You can seek for a clarification
 or a copy of this document in a language understood by You.

       5. For full details of this product, please log on to www.careinsurance.com

       6. The product is in conformity with the IRDAI approval and health insurance regulations and standardization
guidelines.

       Insurance is a subject matter of solicitation.

      IRDA Registration Number - 148 UAN: 26047335

       CIN: U66000DL2007PLC161503 UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627

CARE SUPREME - UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627                                                                                              27
                                                         Annexure - I
            List of Expenses Generally Excluded ("Non-medical") in Hospital Indemnity Policy

    List I - Optional Items

    S. No.  Item                                              40 Armsling
    1       Baby Food                                         41 Thermometer
    2       Baby Utilities Charges                            42 Cervical Collar
    3       Beauty Services                                   43 Splint
    4       Belts/ Braces                                     44 Diabetic Foot Wear
    5       Buds                                              45 Knee Braces (Long/ Short/ Hinged)
    6       Cold Pack/ Hot Pack                               46 Knee Immobilizer/ Shoulder Immobilizer
    7       Carry Bags                                        47 Lumbo Sacral Belt
    8       Email/ Internet Charges                           48 Nimbus Bed Or Water Or Air Bed Charges
    9       Food Charges (Other Than Patient's Diet Provided  49 Ambulance Collar
            By Hospital)                                      50 Ambulance Equipment
    10      Leggings                                          51 Abdominal Binder
    11      Laundry Charges                                   52 Private Nurses Charges- Special Nursing Charges
    12      Mineral Water                                     53 Sugar Free Tablets
    13      Sanitary Pad                                      54 Creams Powders Lotions (Toiletries Are Not Pay-
    14      Telephone Charges
    15      Guest Services                                              able, Only Prescribed Medical Pharmaceuticals
    16      Crepe Bandage                                               Payable)
    17      Diaper Of Any Type                                55 Ecg Electrodes
    18      Eyelet Collar                                     56 Gloves
    19      Slings                                            57 Nebulisation Kit
    20      Blood Grouping And Cross Matching Of Donors       58 Any Kit With No Details Mentioned [Delivery Kit,
            Samples                                                     Orthokit, Recovery Kit, Etc]
    21      Service Charges Where Nursing Charge Also         59 Kidney Tray
            Charged                                           60 Mask
    22      Television Charges                                61 Ounce Glass
    23      Surcharges                                        62 Oxygen Mask
    24      Attendant Charges                                 63 Pelvic Traction Belt
    25      Extra Diet Of Patient (Other Than That Which      64 Pan Can
            Forms Part Of Bed Charge)                         65 Trolly Cover
    26      Birth Certificate                                 66 Urometer, Urine Jug
    27      Certificate Charges                               67 Ambulance
    28      Courier Charges                                   68 Vasofix Safety
    29      Conveyance Charges
    30      Medical Certificate                               List II - Items that are to be subsumed into Room Charges
    31      Medical Records
    32      Photocopies Charges                               S. No. Item
    33      Mortuary Charges
    34      Walking Aids Charges                              1  Baby Charges (Unless Specified/ Indicated)
    35      Oxygen Cylinder (For Usage Outside The Hospi-
            tal)                                              2  Hand Wash
    36      Spacer
    37      Spirometre                                        3  Shoe Cover
    38      Nebulizer Kit
    39      Steam Inhaler                                     4  Caps

                                                              5  Cradle Charges

                                                              6  Comb

                                                              7  Eau-De-Cologne/ Room Freshners

                                                              8  Foot Cover

                                                              9  Gown

                                                              10 Slippers

28                                                                           CARE SUPREME - UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627
11 Tissue Paper                                          17 Boyles Apparatus Charges
12 Tooth Paste                                           18 Cotton
                                                         19 Cotton Bandage
13 Tooth Brush                                           20 Surgical Tape
14 Bed Pan                                               21 Apron
15 Face Mask                                             22 Torniquet
16 Flexi Mask                                            23 Orthobundle, Gynaec Bundle
17 Hand Holder
18 Sputum Cup                                            List IV - Items that are to be subsumed into costs of
19 Disinfectant Lotions                                             treatment
20 Luxury Tax
21 HVAC                                                  S. No. Item
22 House Keeping Charges
23 Air Conditioner Charges                               1  Admission/ Registration Charges
24 IM IV Injection Charges
25 Clean Sheet                                           2  Hospitalisation For Evaluation/ Diagnostic Pur-
26 Blanket/ Warmer Blanket
27 Admission Kit                                            pose
28 Diabetic Chart Charges
29 Documentation Charges/ Administrative Expenses        3  Urine Container
30 Discharge Procedure Charges
31 Daily Chart Charges                                   4  Blood Reservation Charges And Ante Natal Book-
32 Entrance Pass/ Visitors Pass Charges
33 Expenses Related To Prescription On Discharge            ing Charges
34 File Opening Charges
35 Incidental Expenses/ Misc. Charges (Not Ex-           5  Bipap Machine

          plained)                                       6  Cpap/ Capo Equipments
36 Patient Identification Band/ Name Tag
37 Pulseoxymeter Charges                                 7  Infusion Pump- Cost

                                                         8  Hydrogen Peroxide\Spirit\ Disinfectants etc

                                                         9  Nutrition Planning Charges - Dietician Charges-

                                                            Diet Charges

                                                         10 HIV Kit

                                                         11 Antiseptic Mouthwash

                                                         12 Lozenges

                                                         13 Mouth Paint

                                                         14 Vaccination Charges

                                                         15 Alcohol Swabes

                                                         16 Scrub Solutionisterillium

List III - Items that are to be subsumed into Procedure  17 Glucometer & Strips
           Charges
                                                         18 Urine Bag

S. No. Item

1  Hair Removal Cream

2  Disposables Razors Charges (For Site Prepara-

   tions)

3  Eye Pad

4  Eye Sheild

5  Camera Cover

6  DVD, CD Charges

7  Gause Soft

8  Gauze

9  Ward And Theatre Booking Charges

10 Arthroscopy And Endoscopy Instruments

11 Microscope Cover

12 Surgical Blades, Harmonicscalpel, Shaver

13 Surgical Drill

14 Eye Kit

15 Eye Drape

16 X-Ray Film

CARE SUPREME - UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627                                                                         29
                             Annexure - II
    List Of Hospitals Where Claim Will Not Be Admitted

    Hospital Name                                      Address
    Nulife Hospital And Maternity Centre               1616 Outram Lines, Kingsway Camp, Guru Teg Bahadur Nagar,
                                                       New Delhi, Delhi
    Taneja Hospital                                    F-15, Vikas Marg, Preet Vihar, New Delhi, Delhi
    Shri Komal Hospital & Dr.Saxena's Nursing Home     Opp. Radhika Cinema, Circular Road, Rewari, Haryana
    Sona Devi Memorial Hospital & Trauma Centre        Sohna Road, Badshahpur, Gurgaon, Haryana
    Amar Hospital                                      Sector-70, S.A.S.Nagar, Mohali, Sector 70, Mohali, Punjab
    Brij Medical Centre                                K K 54, Kavi Nagar, Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh
    Famliy Medicare                                    A-55, Sector 61, Rajat Vihar Sector 62, Noida, Uttar Pradesh
    Jeevan Jyoti Hospital                              162, Lowther Road, Bai Ka Bagh, Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh
    City Hospital & Trauma Centre                      C-1, Cinder Dump Complex, Opposite Krishna Cinema Hall,
                                                       Kanpur Road, Alambagh, Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh
    Dayal Maternity & Nursing Home                     No.953/ 23, D.C.F.Chowk, DLF Colony, Rohtak, Haryana
    Metas Adventist Hospital                           No.24, Ring-Road, Athwalines, Surat, Surat, Gujarat
    Surgicare Medical Centre                           Sai Dwar Oberoi Complex, S.A.B.T.V.Lane Road, Lokhandwala,
                                                       Near Laxmi Industrial Estate, Andheri, Mumbai, Maharashtra
    Paramount General Hospital & I.C.C.U.              Laxmi Commercial Premises, Andheri Kurla Road, Andheri,
                                                       Mumbai, Maharashtra
    Gokul Hospital                                     Thakur Complex, Kandivali East, Mumbai, Maharashtra
    Shree Sai Hospital                                 Gokul Nagri I, Thankur Complex, Western Express Highway,
                                                       Kandivali East, Mumbai, Maharashtra
    Shreedevi Hospital                                 Akash Arcade, Bhanu Nagar, Near Bhanu Sagar Theatre,
                                                       Dr.Deepak Shetty Road, Kalyan D.C., Thane, Maharashtra
    Saykhedkar Hospital And Research Centre Pvt. Ltd.  Trimurthy Chowk, Kamatwada Road, Cidco Colony, Nashik,
                                                       Maharashtra
    Arpan Hospital And Research Centre                 No.151/ 2, Imli Bazar, Near Rajwada, Imli Bazar, Indore, Madhya
                                                       Pradesh
    Ramkrishna Care Hospital                           Aurobindo Enclave, Pachpedhi Naka, Dhamtri Road, National
                                                       Highway No 43, Raipur, Chhattisgarh
    Gupta Multispeciality Hospital                     B-20, Vivek Vihar, New Delhi, Delhi
    R.K.Hospital                                       3C/ 59, BP, Near Metro Cinema, New Industrial Township 1,
                                                       Faridabad, Haryana
    Prakash Hospital                                   D -12, 12A, 12B, Noida, Sector 33, Noida, Uttar Pradesh
    Aryan Hospital Pvt. Ltd.                           Old Railway Road, Near New Colony, New Colony, Gurgaon,
                                                       Haryana
    Medilink Hospital Research Centre Pvt. Ltd.        Near Shyamal Char Rasta, 132, Ring Road, Satellite, Ahmedabad,
                                                       Gujarat
    Mohit Hospital                                     Khoya B-Wing, Near National Park, Borivali(E), Kandivali West,
                                                       Mumbai, Maharashtra
    Scope Hospital                                     628, Niti Khand-I, Indirapuram, Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh
    Agarwal Medical Centre                             E-234, -, Greater Kailash 1, New Delhi, Delhi
    Oxygen Hospital                                    Bhiwani Stand, Durga Bhawan, Rohtak, Haryana
    Prayag Hospital & Research Centre Pvt. Ltd.        J-206 A/ 1, Sector 41, Noida, Uttar Pradesh
    Palwal Hospital                                    Old G.T. Road, Near New Sohna Mod, Palwal, Haryana
    B.K.S. Hospital                                    No.18, 1st Cross, Gandhi Nagar, Adyar, Bellary, Karnataka
    East West Medical Centre                           No.711, Sector 14, Sector 14, Gurgaon, Haryana
    Jagtap Hospital                                    Anand Nagar, Sinhgood Road, Anandnagar, Pune, Maharashtra

30                                                     CARE SUPREME - UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627
 Dr. Malwankar's Romeen Nursing Home             Ganesh Marg, Tagore Nagar, Vikhroli East, Mumbai, Maharashtra
 Noble Medical Centre                            SVP Road, Borivali West, Mumbai, Maharashtra
 Rama Hospital                                   Sonepat Road, Bahalgarh, Sonipat, Haryana
 S.B.Nursing Home & ICU                          Lake Bloom 16, 17, 18 Opposite Solaris Estate, L.T.Gate No.6,
                                                 Tunga Gaon, Saki-Vihar Road, Powai, Mumbai, Maharashtra
 Saraswati Hospital                              Divya Smruti Building, 1st Floor, Opp Toyota Showroom, Malad
                                                 Link Road, Malad West, Mumbai, Maharashtra
 Shakuntla Hospital                              3-B Tashkant Marg, Near St. Joseph Collage, Allahabad, Uttar
                                                 Pradesh
 Mahaveer Hospital & Trauma Centre               76-E, Station Road, Panki, Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh
 Eashwar Lakshmi Hospital                        Plot No. 9, Near Sub Registrar Office, Gandhi Nagar, Hyderabad,
                                                 Andhra Pradesh
 Amrapali Hospital                               Plot No. NH-34, P-2, Omega -1, Greater Noida, Noida, Uttar
                                                 Pradesh
 Hardik Hospital                                 29c, Budh Bazar, Vikas Nagar, New Delhi, Delhi
 Jabalpur Hospital & Research Centre Pvt Ltd     Russel Crossing, Naptier Town, Jabalpur, Madhya Pradesh
 Panvel Hospital                                 Plot No. 260A, Uran Naka, Old Panvel, Navi Mumbai,
                                                 Maharashtra
 Santosh Hospital                                L-629/ 631, Hapur Road, Shastri Nagar, Meerut, Uttar Pradesh
 Sona Medical Centre                             5/ 58, Near Police Station, Vikas Nagar, Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh
 City Super Speciality Hospital                  Near Mohan Petrol Pump, Gohana Road, Rohtak, Haryana
 Navjeevan Hospital & Maternity Centre           753/ 21, Madanpuri Road, Near Pataudi Chowk, Gurgaon,
                                                 Haryana
 Abhishek Hospital                               C-12, New Azad Nagar, Kanpur, Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh
 Raj Nursing Home                                23-A, Park Road, Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh
 Saras Healthcare Pvt Ltd.                       K-112, SEC-12, Pratap Vihar, Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh
 Getwell Soon Multispeciality Institute Pvt Ltd  S-19, Shalimar Garden Extn., Near Dayanand Park, Sahibabad,
                                                 Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh
 Shivalik Medical Centre Pvt Ltd                 A-93, Sector 34, Noida, Uttar Pradesh
 Aakanksha Hospital                              126, Aaradhnanagar Soc, B/ H. Bhulkabhavan School, Aanand-
                                                 Mahal Rd., Adajan, Surat, Gujarat
 Abhinav Hospital                                Harsh Apartment, Nr Jamna Nagar Bus Stop, Goddod Road, Surat,
                                                 Gujarat
 Adhar Ortho Hospital                            Dawer Chambers, Nr. Sub Jail, Ring Road, Surat, Gujarat
 Aris Care Hospital                              A 223-224, Mansarovar Soc, 60 Feet, Godadara Road, Surat,
                                                 Gujarat
 Arzoo Hospital                                  Opp. L.B. Cinema, Bhatar Rd., Surat, Gujarat
 Auc Hospital                                    B-44, Gujarat Housing Board, Pandeshara, Surat, Gujarat
 Dharamjivan General Hospital & Trauma Centre    Karmayogi - 1, Plot No. 20/ 21, Near Piyush Point, Pandesara,
                                                 Surat, Gujarat
 Dr. Santosh Basotia Hospital                    Bhatar Road, Bhatar Road, Surat, Gujarat
 God Father Hosp.                                344, Nandvan Soc., B/ H. Matrushakti Soc., Puna Gam, Surat,
                                                 Gujarat
 Govind-Prabha Arogya Sankool                    Opp. Ratna-Sagar Vidhyalaya, Kaji Medan, Gopipura, Surat,
                                                 Gujarat
 Hari Milan Hospital                             L H Road, Surat, Gujarat
 Jaldhi Ano-Rectal Hospital                      103, Payal Apt., Nxt To Rander Zone Office, Tadwadi, Surat,
                                                 Gujarat
 Jeevan Path Gen. Hospital                       2Nd. Fl., Dwarkesh Nagri, Nr. Laxmi Farsan, Sayan, Surat,
                                                 Gujarat
CARE SUPREME - UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627
                                                                                                                                                                                  31
    Kalrav Children Hospital                       Yashkamal Complex, Nr. Jivan Jyot, Udhna, Surat, Gujarat
    Kanchan General Surgical Hospital              Plot No. 380, Ishwarnagar Soc, Bhamroli-Bhatar, Pandesara,
                                                   Surat, Gujarat
    Krishnavati General Hospital                   Bamroli Road, Surat, Gujarat
    Niramayam Hosptial & Prasutigruah              Shraddha Raw House, Near Natures Park, Surat, Gujarat
    Patna Hospital                                 25, Ashapuri Soc - 2, Bamroli Road, Surat, Gujarat
    Poshia Children Hospital                       Harekrishan Shoping Complex 1St Floor, Varachha Road, Surat,
                                                   Gujarat
    R.D Janseva Hospital                           120 Feet Bamroli Road, Pandesara, Surat, Gujarat
    Radha Hospital & Maternity Home                239/ 240 Bhagunagar Society, Opp Hans Society, L H Road,
                                                   Varachha Road, Surat, Gujarat
    Santosh Hospital                               L H Road, Varachha, Surat, Gujarat
    Sparsh Multy Specality Hospital & Trauma Care  G.I.D.C Road, Nr Udhana Citizan Co-Op.Bank, Surat, Gujarat
    Center

    Note

    1. For an updated list of Hospitals, please visit the Company's website.

    2. Only in case of a medical emergency, Claims would be payable if admitted in the above Hospitals on a reimbursement
           basis.

32                                                                            CARE SUPREME - UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627
                                                      Annexure - III
List of Hospitals where Co-Payment of 20% is not applicable under Optional Benefit `Smart Select'

Hospital Name                                     Address
Fortis Escorts Ltd.                               Majtha-Verka Bypass Road, Khanna Nagar, Amritsar ­ 143004
Fortis Escorts Hospital
                                                  Jawahar Lal Nehru Marg, Opposite Hotel Clarks Amer, Malviya
Fortis Sl Raheja Hospital                         Nagar, Jaipur ­ 302017

Hiranandani Fortis Hospital                       Raheja Raghunalaya Marg, Near New Police Quarters Colony,
Fortis Malar Hospital                             Mahim, Mumbai ­ 400016
Fortis Hospital
Maxcure Mediciti Hospitals                        Mini Sea Shore Road, Sector 10A, Vashi, Maharashtra ­ 400703
Maxivision Laser Centre Pvt. Ltd.
                                                  52,First Main Road, Gandhi Nagar, Adyar, Chennai ­ 600020
Maxivision Laser Centre Pvt. Ltd.
                                                  Sector 62,Phase VIII, Sector 62, Mohali ­ 160062
Maxivision Laser Centre Pvt. Ltd.
                                                  5-9-22,Secretariat Road, Hill Fort, Hyderabad ­ 500063
Maxivision Laser Centre Pvt. Ltd.
Fortis Hospitals Ltd                              40-1-48,Krishna Sai Bhavan, Opposite D.V.Manor Hotel,
Fortis Hospital Ltd                               Labbipeta, Vijayawada ­ 520010
Fortis Health Management Ltd
                                                  1-11-252/1A To 1D,Alladin Mansion, Street No 3, Begumpet,
Fortis Hospital                                   Hyderabad ­ 500016
Fortis Hospitals Ltd.
                                                  No.16-11-741/D/66, Dilsukhnagar, Moosa Ram Bagh, Hyderabad
Fortis Hospital Ltd.-Wockhardt                    ­ 500036

Fortis Hospital Ltd.-Wockhardt                    6-9-903/A/1/1, Somajiguda, Hyderabad ­ 500082

Fortis Hospital Ltd                               No.730, EM Bypass Road, Anandpur, Kolkata ­ 700107

International Hospital Limited - Fortis Hospital  Mulund Goregaon Link Road, Mulund, Mumbai ­ 400078
Ltd
Fortis Hospital Ltd.-Wockhardt                    No.23 80 Feet Road,Guru Krupa Layout, 2nd Stage, Nagarbhavi,
Fortis Memorial Research Institute                Bangalore ­ 560072

Fortis C-Doc Healthcare Limited                   A Block, Shalimar Bagh, New Delhi ­ 110088
Max Smart Super Specialty Hospital                111A, Rash Behari Avenue, Rashbehari Avenue, Kolkata ­
                                                  700029
Fortis Escorts Hospital                           154,9, Opposite IIM-B, Bannerghatta Road, Bangalore ­
                                                  560076
Fortis Healthcare Limited                         No 14,Cunningham Road, Sheriffs Chamber, Cunnigham,
                                                  Bangalore ­ 560052
Maxivision Eye Care Medfort Hospitals             Opposite APMC Market,Bail Bazaar, Shill Road, Kalyan City,
Max Vision Eye Care Centre                        Kalyan - 421301
                                                  No.111,West of Chord Road, 1st Block Junction, Rajajinagar,
Fortis O.P. Jindal Hospital                       Bangalore ­ 560086
                                                  No.65,1St Main Road, Seshadripuram, Bangalore ­ 560020
                                                  Sector 44, Opposite HUDA Center Metro Station, HUDA
                                                  Metro Station, Gurgaon ­ 122002
                                                  B-16, Chirag Enclave, Opp Nehru Place, New Delhi ­ 110041
                                                  Press Enclave Marg, Mandir Marg, Saket, New Delhi ­
                                                  110017
                                                  2nd Floor,Pt Deen Dayal, Coronation Hospital, Curzon
                                                  Road, Dehradun ­ 248001
                                                  Kangra-Dharamshala Road, Near Main Bus Stand, Kangra ­
                                                  176001
                                                  No. 78/6, 3rd Avenue, Anna Nagar, Chennai ­ 600102
                                                  95,Neel Padam Sarovar Marg, Nursery Circle,Gandhi
                                                  Path,Nemi Nagar, Vaishali, Jaipur ­ 302021
                                                  Patrapali, Kharsia Road, Raigarh ­ 496001

CARE SUPREME - UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627                                                                         33
    Fortis Hospital                            Radha Swami Satsang, Chandigarh Road,Village - Mundian,
                                               Radha Swami Satsang, Ludhiana ­ 141001
    Fortis Medical Centre
    Maxcare Hospital And Laparoscopic Surgery  2/7, Sarat Bose Road, Kolkata ­ 700020
    Institute
    Max Care Hospital                          1st Floor,Hyatt Medicare, Plot No.12,Khare Marg, Dhantoli,
                                               Nagpur ­ 440012
    Fortis Suchirayu Hospital
                                               Near Ashoka Hotel, Opp.Kuda Office, Hanamkonda,
    Max Vision Advanced Eye Care Centre        Warangal ­ 506001

                                               S.No.29/8,9,10,11 Javali Garden, Off Gokul Road,Opp. To
                                               Reg. KSRTC Bus Depot,Off NH4 Highway, Hubli - 580030

                                               216-A,Soham Plaza, Soham Gardens,Opp. Manpada Bus
                                               Stop,Chitalsar, Chitalsar G.B Road, Thane - 400607

    Note: The above is a Non-exhaustive list of Network Hospitals under Smart Select optional cover. Please check the latest &
           complete list of Network Hospitals on https://www.careinsurance.com/smart-select-network-locator.html

34                                             CARE SUPREME - UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627
                                                 Annexure - IV
                                         List Of Ombudsman Details

Office of the Ombudsman  Contact Details                                    Jurisdiction of Office (Union
AHMEDABAD                                                                   Territory, District)
BENGALURU                Insurance Ombudsman,                               Gujarat , Dadra & Nagar Haveli,
BHOPAL                   Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,                 Daman and Diu
BHUBANESHWAR             Jeevan Prakash, 6th floor,
CHANDIGARH               Tilak Marg, Near S.V College Relief Road,          Karnataka
CHENNAI                  Ahmedabad ­ 380 001.
DELHI                    Tel.: 079 - 25501201/02                            Madhya Pradesh & Chhattisgarh
GUWAHATI                 E-mail : bimalokpal.ahmedabad@cioins.co.in
                                                                            Orissa
                         Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
                         Jeevan Soudha Building ,PID No. 57-27-N-19         Punjab , Haryana, Himachal Pradesh,
                         Ground Floor, 19/19, 24th Main Road,               Jammu & Kashmir, Chandigarh
                         JP Nagar, Ist Phase,
                         Bengaluru ­ 560 078.                               Tamil Nadu, Pondicherry Town
                         Tel.: 080 - 26652048 / 26652049                    and Karaikal (which are part of
                         Email: bimalokpal.bengaluru@cioins.co.in           Pondicherry)

                         Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,                 Delhi
                         LIC of India Zonal Office Building,
                         1st Floor, South Wing, Jeevan Shikha,              Assam , Meghalaya, Manipur,
                         opp. Gayatri Mandir, 60-B, Hoshangabad Road,       Mizoram, Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland
                         Bhopal-462011 Tel.: 0755 - 2769201 / 2769202/      and Tripura
                         2769203
                         Email: bimalokpal.bhopal@cioins.co.in

                         Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
                         62, Forest park,
                         Bhubaneshwar ­ 751 009.
                         Tel.: 0674 - 2596461 /2596455/ 2596429/ 2596003
                         Email: bimalokpal.bhubaneswar@cioins.co.in

                         Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
                         Jeevan Deep, Ground Floor, LIC of India Building,
                         SCO 20-27, Sector 17-A,
                         Chandigarh ­ 160 017.
                         Tel.: 0172 ­ 2706468/ 2707468
                         Email: bimalokpal.chandigarh@cioins.co.in

                         Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
                         Fatima Akhtar Court, 4th Floor, 453 (old 312),
                         Anna Salai, Teynampet,
                         CHENNAI ­ 600 018.
                         Tel.: 044 - 24333668 / 24333678
                         Email: bimalokpal.chennai@cioins.co.in

                         OOffice of the Insurance Ombudsman,
                         2/2 A, 1st Floor, Universal Insurance Building,
                         Asaf Ali Road,
                         New Delhi ­ 110 002.
                         Tel.: 011 - 23232481 / 23213504/ 46013992
                         Email: bimalokpal.delhi@cioins.co.in

                         Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
                         Jeevan Nivesh Building, 5th Floor,
                         Nr. Panbazar, S.S. Road,
                         Guwahati ­ 781001(ASSAM).
                         Tel.: 0361 ­ 2632204/ 2632205 / 2631307
                         Email: bimalokpal.guwahati@cioins.co.in

CARE SUPREME - UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627                                                                           35
    HYDERABAD  Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,         Andhra Pradesh, Telangana and Yanam
    JAIPUR     6-2-46, 1st floor, "Moin Court",           ­ a part of Territory of Pondicherry
    KOCHI      Lane Opp. Hyundai Showroom,
    KOLKATA    A. C. Guards, Lakdi-Ka-Pool,               Rajasthan
    LUCKNOW    Hyderabad - 500 004.
               Tel.: 040 - 23312122/ 23376599/ 23376991/  Kerala, Lakshadweep, Mahe ­ a part of
    MUMBAI     23328709/ 23325325                         Pondicherry
    PATNA      Email: bimalokpal.hyderabad@cioins.co.in
               Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,         West Bengal, Andaman & Nicobar
               Jeevan Nidhi ­ II Bldg., Gr. Floor,        Islands, Sikkim
               Bhawani Singh Marg, Ambedkar Circle
               Jaipur - 302 005.                          Districts of Uttar Pradesh :
               Tel.: 0141 - 2740363                       Laitpur, Jhansi, Mahoba, Hamirpur,
               Email: Bimalokpal.jaipur@cioins.co.in      Banda, Chitrakoot, Allahabad,
               Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,         Mirzapur, Sonbhabdra, Fatehpur,
               10TH Floor, LIC Building, Jeevan Prakash   Pratapgarh, Jaunpur,Varanasi,
               Opp. Maharaj College Ground                Gazipur, Jalaun, Kanpur, Lucknow,
               M. G. Road,                                Unnao, Sitapur, Lakhimpur, Bahraich,
               Ernakulam - 682 011.                       Barabanki, Raebareli, Sravasti,
               Tel.: 0484 - 2358759                       Gonda, Faizabad, Amethi, Kaushambi,
               Email: bimalokpal.ernakulam@cioins.co.in   Balrampur, Basti, Ambedkarnagar,
               Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,         Sultanpur, Maharajgang,
               7th Floor of Hindusthan Bldg.( Annex),     Santkabirnagar, Azamgarh, Kushinagar,
               4, C.R. Avenue,                            Gorkhpur, Deoria, Mau, Ghazipur,
               KOLKATA - 700 072.                         Chandauli, Ballia, Sidharathnagar.
               Tel.: 033 - 22124339 / 22124341            Goa,
               Email: bimalokpal.kolkata@cioins.co.in     Mumbai Metropolitan Region
               Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,         excluding Navi Mumbai & Thane
               6th Floor, Jeevan Bhawan, Phase-II,
               Nawal Kishore Road, Hazratganj,            Bihar, Jharkhand
               Lucknow - 226 001.
               Tel.: 0522 ­ 4002082/ 3500613
               Email: bimalokpal.lucknow@cioins.co.in

               Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
               3rd Floor, Jeevan Seva Annexe,
               S. V. Road, Santacruz West,
               Mumbai - 400 054.
               Tel.: 022 ­69038800/33
               Email: bimalokpal.mumbai@cioins.co.in
               Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
               2nd Floor, Lalit Bhawan,
               Baily Road, Patna
               Tel.: 0612-2547068
               Email: bimalokpal.patna@cioins.co.in

36                                                        CARE SUPREME - UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627
NOIDA  Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,              State of Uttaranchal and the following
PUNE   Bhagwan Sahai Palace                            Districts of Uttar Pradesh: Agra,
       4th Floor, Main Road,                           Aligarh, Bagpat, Bareilly, Bijnor,
       Naya Bans, Sector 15,                           Budaun, Bulandshehar, Etah,
       Distt: Gautam Buddh Nagar,                      Kanooj, Mainpuri, Mathura, Meerut,
       U.P-201301.                                     Moradabad, Muzaffarnagar, Oraiyya,
       Tel.: 0120- 2514252 / 2514253                   Pilibhit, Etawah, Farrukhabad,
       Email: bimalokpal.noida@cioins.co.in            Firozbad, Gautambodhanagar,
                                                       Ghaziabad, Hardoi, Shahjahanpur,
       Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,              Hapur, Shamli, Rampur, Kashganj,
       Jeevan Darshan- LIC of India Bldg., 3rd Floor,  Sambhal, Amroha, Hathras,
       N.C. Kelkar Road, Narayan Peth,                 Kanshiramnagar, Saharanpur
       Pune ­ 411 030.
       Tel.: 020-24471175                              Maharashtra,
       Email: bimalokpal.pune@cioins.co.in             Area of Navi Mumbai and Thane
                                                       excluding Mumbai Metropolitan
                                                       Region.

The updated details of Insurance Ombudsman are available on website of IRDAI: www.irda.gov.in, on the website of
General Insurance Council: www.gicouncil.org.in, on the Company's website www.careinsurance.com or from any of
the Company's offices. Address and contact number of Executive Council of Insurers ­

Office of the `Executive Council of Insurers'
3rd Floor, Jeevan Seva Annexe,
S.V. Road, Santacruz(W),
Mumbai ­ 400 054.
Tel: 022-69038800/33
Fax: 022-26106949
Email- inscoun@ecoi.co.in

CARE SUPREME - UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627                                                                           37
                                                      Annexure - V
                                            Benefit / Premium illustration

    llustration 1

    Age of   Coverage opted on      Coverage opted on individual basis       Coverage opted on family floater basis
    mem-     individual basis       covering multiple members of the family  with overall Sum Insured (only one Sum
    bers     covering each          under a single Policy (Sum Insured is    Insured is available for the entire family)
    Insured  member of the          available for each member of family)
             family separately
             (at a single point of
             time)

             Premi- Sum             Premi-    Discount     Pre-    Sum       Premi-    Floater   Premi-    Sum
             um (Rs.) Insured       um (Rs.)  (if any)     mium    Insured   um or     Discount  um after  Insured
                                                           after   (Rs.)     consol-   (if any)  discount  (Rs.)
                          (Rs.)                            dis-              idated              (Rs.)
                                                           count             premi-    NA                  5,00,000
                                                           (Rs.)             um for              32,881
                                                                             all mem-
    51       23,450 5,00,000        23,450 NA              23,450 5,00,000   bers of
                                                                             family
                                                                             (Rs.)

                                                                             32,881

    46       18,546 5,00,000        18,546 5.00% 17,619 5,00,000

    Total Premium for all mem-      Total Premium for all members of fam-    Total Premium when policy is opted on
                                                                             floater basis is Rs.32,881
    bers of family is Rs.41,996     ily is Rs.41,069 when they are covered
                                                                             Sum Insured of Rs.5,00,000 is available
    when each member is             under a single policy                    for entire family

    covered separately              Sum Insured available for each family
                                    member is Rs.5,00,000
    Sum Insured available
    for each individual is
    Rs.5,00,000

    llustration 2

    Age of   Coverage opted on      Coverage opted on individual basis       Coverage opted on family floater basis
    mem-     individual basis       covering multiple members of the family  with overall Sum Insured (only one Sum
    bers     covering each          under a single Policy (Sum Insured is    Insured is available for the entire family)
    Insured  member of the          available for each member of family)
             family separately
             (at a single point of
             time)

             Premi- Sum             Premi-    Discount     Pre-    Sum       Premi-    Floater   Premi-    Sum
                                    um (Rs.)  (if any)     mium    Insured   um or     Discount  um after  Insured
             um (Rs.) Insured                              after   (Rs.)     consol-   (if any)  discount  (Rs.)
                                                           dis-              idated              (Rs.)
                        (Rs.)                              count             premi-    NA                  5,00,000
                                                           (Rs.)             um for              50,727
                                                                             all mem-
    60       31,113 5,00,000        31,113    NA           31,113  5,00,000  bers of
                                    31,113    5.00%        29,558  5,00,000  family
                                    5,046     5.00%        4,793   5,00,000  (Rs.)

                                                                             50,727

    56       31,113 5,00,000

    17       5,046 5,00,000

38                                                                           CARE SUPREME - UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627
Total Premium for all mem-      Total Premium for all members of fam-     Total Premium when policy is opted on
bers of family is Rs.67,272     ily is Rs.65,464 when they are covered    floater basis is Rs.50,727
when each member is cov-        under a single policy
ered separately.                                                          Sum Insured of Rs.5,00,000 is available
                                Sum Insured available for each family     for entire family
Sum Insured available           member is Rs.5,00,000
for each individual is
Rs.5,00,000

llustration 3

Age of   Coverage opted on      Coverage opted on individual basis        Coverage opted on family floater basis
mem-     individual basis       covering multiple members of the family   with overall Sum Insured (only one Sum
bers     covering each          under a single Policy (Sum Insured is     Insured is available for the entire family)
Insured  member of the          available for each member of family)
         family separately
         (at a single point of
         time)

         Premium Sum            Premium  Discount      Premi-    Sum      Premium    Floater   Premi-    Sum
                                (Rs.)    (if any)      um after  Insured  or con-    Discount  um after  Insured
         (Rs.)   Insured                               discount  (Rs.)    solidated  (if any)  discount  (Rs.)
                                                       (Rs.)              premium              (Rs.)
                 (Rs.)                                                    for all    NA                  5,00,000
                                                                          members              54,509
64       36,965 5,00,000        36,965 NA              36,965 5,00,000    of family
                                                                          (Rs.)

                                                                          54,509

61       36,965 5,00,000        36,965 5.00% 35,117 5,00,000

Total Premium for all mem-      Total Premium for all members of fam-     Total Premium when policy is opted on
                                                                          floater basis is Rs.54,509
bers of family is Rs.73,930     ily is Rs.72,082 when they are covered
                                                                          Sum Insured of Rs.5,00,000 is available
when each member is cov-        under a single policy                     for entire family

ered separately                 Sum Insured available for each family
                                member is Rs.5,00,000
Sum Insured available for
each individual is
Rs.5,00,000

Notes:
1. Premiums considered are of Zone 1

2. Premium rates specified in above illustration shall be standard premium rates for 3rd year without any loadings/
       discounts considered.

                                                                                                                       April/26/AS

CARE SUPREME - UIN: CHIHLIP27061V032627                                                                                39
