   Prospectus

ADVANTAGES

Our all new `Care' is designed to take care of every minute requirement of yours, to the fullest.

We believe you deserve distinct benefits for choosing `Care', and they come your way in the form of certain thoughtfully
designed product features.

   ­ Highlight Features*

Service Features

- Simple                    - Comprehensive                                    - Rewarding

- Flexible

Benefits at a glance

- Hospitalization Expenses  - Pre & Post Hospitalization                       - Daily Allowance
                                Medical Expenses

- Ambulance Cover           - Organ Donor Cover                                - Domiciliary Hospitalization

- Automatic Recharge        - Second Opinion                                   - AYUSH Treatments

- No Claims Bonus           - Global Coverage (excluding U.S.A.) - Annual Health Check-up

- Vaccination Cover         - Care Anywhere                                    - Maternity Cover

- Wellness Benefit          - Unlimited E-Consultations                        - Global Plus

Optional Covers

- Global coverage ­ Total   - Unlimited Automatic Recharge                     - No Claims Bonus Super

- Deductible Option         - Everyday Care                                    - Smart Select

- Travel Plus               - OPD Care                                         - Personal Accident

- International Second Opinion - Additional Sum Insured for                    - Reduction in PED Wait Period
                                                   Accidental Hospitalization

- Extension of Global coverage - Air Ambulance Cover                           - Advance Annual Health Check-up

- Room Rent Modification    - Be-Fit Benefit                                   - Co-payment

- Loyalty Bonus

Special Features

- Preventive Care through Annual Health Check-up

- Wide Range of Sum Insured Options

- Feature to get discount in Premium by choosing Deductible Option & Smart Select

- Feature to get discount in Premium by choosing Longer Tenure Options

- Feature to reduce PED Wait Period                                            * The features vary with the plan

- The Eligibility Criteria, Benefits & Optional Covers mentioned in this Prospectus & Sales Literature form part of the
    coverage provided under the Policy.

- In this document, words like `We', `Us' or `Our/ Ours' represents the Insurer i.e., `Care Health Insurance' and `You' or
    `Your/ Yours' represents the `Proposer' or `Insured Person(s)'.

- All the Benefits and Optional Covers will be applicable only during the Policy Period considering all the terms,
    conditions, exclusions, Wait Periods, sub-limits and maximum up to limits specified under the section ­ `Schedule of
    Benefits'.

1                                                                                                   CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
- Admissibility of a Claim under Benefit 1 (Hospitalization Expenses) is a pre-condition to the admission of a Claim under
    Benefit 2 (Pre-hospitalization Medical Expenses and Post-hospitalization Medical expenses), Benefit 3 (Daily
    Allowance), Benefit 4 (Ambulance Cover), Benefit 5 (Organ Donor Cover), Benefit 7 (Automatic Recharge), Benefit 14
    (Care Anywhere), Benefit 15 (Maternity cover), Optional Cover 3 (Unlimited Automatic Recharge), Optional Cover 7
    (Smart Select)and Optional Cover 10 (Additional Sum Insured for Accidental Hospitalization) and Optional Cover 14
    (Air Ambulance Cover). The event giving rise to a Claim under Benefit 1 shall be within the Policy Period for the Claim
    of such Benefit to be accepted.

- Our maximum, total and cumulative liability in respect of an Insured Person for any and all Claims arising under this
    Policy during the Policy Year shall not exceed the Total Sum Insured for that Insured Person.

    - On Floater Basis, our maximum, total and cumulative liability, for any and all Claims incurred during the Policy Year
         in respect of all Insured Persons, shall not exceed the Total Sum Insured.

    - For any single Claim during a Policy Year, the maximum Claim amount payable shall be sum total of Sum Insured, No
         Claims Bonus (Benefit 10), No Claims Bonus Super (Optional Cover 4), Loyalty Bonus (Optional Cover19) and
         Additional Sum Insured for Accidental Hospitalization (Optional Cover 10). (NOTE: This clause is not applicable to
         Optional Cover 9: Personal Accident).

    - All Claims shall be payable subject to the terms, conditions, exclusions, sub-limits and wait periods of the Policy and
         subject to availability of the Total Sum Insured.

    - Our liability shall be restricted to the payment of the balance amount subject to the available Total Sum Insured.

- Any Claim paid for Benefits namely Benefit 1 (Hospitalization Expenses), Benefit 2 (Pre Hospitalization Medical Expenses
    and Post Hospitalization Medical Expenses), Benefit 3 (Daily Allowance), Benefit 4 (Ambulance Cover), Benefit 5 (Organ
    Donor Cover), Benefit 6 (Domiciliary Hospitalization), Benefit 9 (AYUSH Treatments), Benefit 11 (Global coverage
    (excluding U.S.A.)), Benefit 13 (Vaccination Cover), Benefit 14 (Care Anywhere), Benefit 15 (Maternity cover), Benefit 17
    (Global Plus) and Optional Covers namely Optional Cover 1 (Global Coverage ­ Total), Optional Cover 7 (Smart Select),
    Optional Cover 13 (Extension of Global Coverage), and Optional Cover 14 (Air Ambulance Cover), shall reduce the Total
    Sum Insured for the Policy Year and only the balance shall be available for all the future claims for that Policy Year.

- The Co-payment (as applicable) shall be borne by You on each Claim which will be applicable on Benefit 1 (Hospitalization
    Expenses), Benefit 2 (Pre Hospitalization Medical Expenses and Post Hospitalization Medical Expenses), Benefit 4
    (Ambulance Cover), Benefit 5 (Organ Donor Cover), Benefit 6 (Domiciliary Hospitalization), Benefit 9 (AYUSH
    Treatments), Benefit 11 (Global Coverage (excluding U.S.A.), Benefit 13 (Vaccination Cover), Benefit 14 (Care Anywhere),
    Benefit 15 (Maternity cover), Benefit 17 (Global Plus), Optional Cover 1 (Global Coverage ­ Total), Optional Cover 10-
    (Additional Sum Insured for Accidental Hospitalization), Optional Cover 13 (Extension of Global Coverage) and Optional
    Cover 14 (Air Ambulance Cover).

- Deductible Option (if opted) is applicable on the Benefits namely Benefit 1 (Hospitalization Expenses), Benefit 2 (Pre
    Hospitalization Medical Expenses and Post Hospitalization Medical Expenses), Benefit 4 (Ambulance Cover), Benefit 5
    (Organ Donor Cover), Benefit 6 (Domiciliary Hospitalization), Benefit 9 (AYUSH Treatments), Benefit 11 (Global
    Coverage ­ excluding U.S.A.), Benefit 14 (Care Anywhere), Benefit 15 (Maternity cover), Benefit 17 (Global Plus),
    Optional Cover 1 (Global Coverage ­ Total) and Optional Cover 10 (Additional Sum Insured for Accidental Hospitalization),
    Optional Cover 13 (Extension of Global Coverage) and Optional Cover 14 (Air Ambulance Cover).

- Hospitalization or Medical Expenses which are `Medically Necessary' only shall be admissible under the Policy.

- Linear interpolation methodology will be applied to calculate the premium rates if an intermittent value of Sum
    Insured/sub-limit/benefit amount is chosen by the Policyholder

- This Policy covers only medical treatment taken entirely within India unless otherwise specified under any Benefit or
    Optional Cover.

CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526  2
1. ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA

Entry Age ­ Minimum            Individual : 5 years

                               Floater : 91 days with at least 1 Insured Person of age 18 years or above

   Maximum Entry Age           Adult: Lifelong Child: 24 years (last birthday)

Exit Age                       Adult: Lifelong Child: 25 years

Age of Proposer                18 Years or above

How can You cover Yourself     Individual basis (maximum up to 6 Persons having equal Sum Insured) or
                               Floater basis

Floater combinations           1Adult + 1Child         1Adult + 2Children       1Adult + 3Children

                               1Adult + 4Children      2Adults                  2Adults + 1Child

                               2Adults + 2Children     2Adults + 3Children      2Adults + 4Children

Pricing                        Zone 1 - Delhi NCR, Surat, Mathura, Aligarh, Alwar, Bharatpur;

                               Zone 2- Telangana;

                               Zone 3 - Mumbai (incl. MMR), Ahmedabad, Vadodra, Nashik;

                               Zone 4 - Pune, Ahmednagar, Indore, Bengaluru Urban, Rest of Gujarat,
                                             Kolkata, Howrah;

                               Zone 5 - Rest of India

                               Note: 1. Cities in above table means adjoining cities also

                               2. Delhi- NCR and MMR are as defined by Government

Who are covered (Relationship  1. Individual: Self, Legally married spouse, son, daughter, father, mother, brother,
with respect to the Proposer)      sister, mother-in-law, father-in law, grandmother, grandfather, grandson,
                                   granddaughter, uncle, aunt, nephew, niece, employee or any other relationship
                                   having an insurable interest.

                               2. Family Floater: Self, Legally married spouse, son, daughter, father, mother,
                                   employee and his/ her dependents (Legally married Spouse, Children & Parents) or
                                   any other relationship having an insurable interest.

         Notes:

         - Child would be ported to an individual policy (having a separate Sum Insured) and treated as an adult Insured Person,
             upon attaining 25 years of age, at the time of renewal.

         - All the Age calculations are as per `Age Last Birthday' as on the date of first issue of Policy and/ or at the time of
             Renewal.

         - Option of Mid-term inclusion of a Person in the Policy will be only upon marriage or childbirth; Additional
             differential premium will be calculated on a pro rata basis.

         - If Insured persons belonging to the same family are covered on an Individual basis, then every Insured person can opt
             for different Sum Insured and different Optional Covers.

2. BENEFITS

2.1. Benefit 1: Hospitalization Expenses:

         (i) In-Patient care: Hospitalization for at least 24 hours - If you are admitted to a hospital for in-patient care which
              should be Medically Necessary, for a minimum period of 24 consecutive hours, we will pay, maximum up to
              Base Sum Insured, for the medical expenses incurred by You at the hospital - from room charges, nursing
              expenses and intensive care unit charges to Surgeon's fee, Doctor's fee, Anesthesia, blood, oxygen, Operation
              theater charges which forms a part of Hospitalization.

3                                                                                          CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
         (ii) Day Care Treatment: Hospitalization involving less than 24 hours ­ Some surgeries don't require or need not
              necessarily require Hospitalization Stay for minimum 24 hours. It may be for your convenience or it may happen
              that the surgery underwent is minor or of intermediate complexity. We will pay for all such day care treatments as
              per Annexure-I to Prospectus, maximum up to Base Sum Insured.

         (iii)Advance Technology Methods: The Company will indemnify the Insured Person up to Base Sum Insured for
              expenses incurred under Benefit 1 (Hospitalization Expenses) for treatment taken through following advance
              technology methods:

              a. Uterine Artery Embolization and HIFU

              b. Balloon Sinuplasty

              c. Deep Brain stimulation

              d. Oral chemotherapy

              e. Immunotherapy- Monoclonal Antibody to be given as injection

              f. Intra vitreal injections

              g. Robotic surgeries

              h. Stereotactic radio surgeries

              i. Bronchical Thermoplasty

              j. Vaporisation of the prostrate (Green laser treatment or holmium laser treatment)

              k. IONM - (Intra Operative Neuro Monitoring)

              l. Stem cell therapy: Hematopoietic stem cells for bone marrow transplant for haematological conditions to be
                  covered.

2.2. Benefit 2: Pre-Hospitalization Medical Expenses and Post-Hospitalization Medical Expenses:

         (i) Pre-Hospitalization Medical Expenses:

              Examination, tests and medication - Sometimes the procedures that finally lead you to hospital, such as
              Investigative tests, Consultation Fees and medication, can be quite financially draining. We cover the medically
              necessary expenses (maximum up to Base Sum Insured) incurred by you for a period of 30 days immediately
              before the Date of Your Admissible Hospitalization, provided that we shall not be liable to make payment for any
              Pre-hospitalization Medical Expenses that were incurred before the Policy Start Date .

         (ii) Post-Hospitalization Medical Expenses:

              Back home and till you are back on your feet - The expenses don't end once you are discharged. There might
              be follow-up visits to your medical practitioner, medication that is required and sometimes even further
              confirmatory tests. We also cover the medically necessary expenses (maximum up to Base Sum Insured) incurred
              by you for a period of 60 days immediately after the Date of Discharge of Your Admissible Hospitalization.y you
              for a period of 60 days immediately after the Date of Discharge of Your Admissible Hospitalization.

2.3. Benefit 3: Daily Allowance:

         It all adds up - A trip to a hospital involves more than merely using the doctor's services and hospital facilities. You
         are bound to run up numerous `non-medical' expenses such as transportation, attendant's cost and other daily
         expenses that you may not be able to even foresee. We would pay Daily Allowance - a fixed lump sum amount, for
         each completed day (24 hours) of hospitalization, payable for a maximum of 5 consecutive days per Hospitalization,
         so that you can meet these expenses without a bother and as suits you best.

2.4. Benefit 4: Ambulance Cover:

         It is one of our utmost concerns that you get the medical attention which you require as soon as possible, especially
         in an emergency. Towards that end, we will pay you up to Base Sum Insured per hospitalization, for expenses that
         you incur on an road ambulance service offered by the hospital or any service provider, in an emergency situation.
         Through this cover, we will also pay your necessary transportation fares from one Hospital to another Hospital, for
         advanced/ better equipped medical support/aid required for rescuing your health condition.

2.5. Benefit 5: Organ Donor Cover:

CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526  4
         We care about those who help you as much as we care for you. So, beyond ensuring that your medical needs are met,
         we will pay you up to a specified amount for medical expenses that are incurred by you towards your organ donor,
         while undergoing the organ transplant surgery, if the donation confirms to the Transplantation of Human Organs Act
         1994 (amended) and other applicable laws and rules.
         `Pre Hospitalization Medical Expenses and Post Hospitalization Medical Expenses' shall not be payable in respect to
         the donor. Clause 4.2 (25) under Permanent Exclusions, is superseded to the extent covered under this Benefit.
2.6. Benefit 6: Domiciliary Hospitalization:
         Despite suffering from an Illness /Injury (which would normally require care and treatment at a Hospital),
         Hospitalization may not be possible - perhaps Your state of health is such that You are not in a condition to be moved
         to a Hospital or a Hospital room may not be available when you need the medical treatment the most.
         Under Our Domiciliary Hospitalization Benefit, We will pay you up to a specified amount, for the Medical Expenses
         incurred during your treatment at home, as long as it involves medical treatment for a period exceeding 3 consecutive
         days. `Pre Hospitalization Medical Expenses and Post Hospitalization Medical Expenses' shall not be payable in
         respect of a claim made under this Benefit.
         Any Medical Expenses incurred for the treatment in relation to any of the following diseases shall not be payable
         under this Benefit:
         (I) Asthma;
         (ii) Bronchitis;
         (iii) Chronic Nephritis and Chronic Nephritic Syndrome;
         (iv) Diarrhoea and all types of Dysenteries including Gastro-enteritis;
         (v) Diabetes Mellitus and Diabetes Insipidus;
         (vi) Epilepsy;
         (vii) Hypertension;
         (viii) Influenza, cough or cold;
         (ix) All Psychiatric or Psychosomatic Disorders;
         (x) Pyrexia of unknown origin for less than 10 days;
         (xi) Tonsillitis and Upper Respiratory Tract Infection including Laryngitis and Pharyngitis;
         (xii) Arthritis, Gout and Rheumatism.
2.7. Benefit 7: Automatic Recharge:
         A refill is always welcome! So your sum insured is reinstated just when you need it the most.
         If, due to claims made, you ever utilize the maximum limit of Sum Insured and thereby run out of/exhaust your
         health cover, we reinstate the entire sum insured immediately, once in the policy year.
         This re-instated amount can be used for same illness as well different illnesses .
         - For any single Claim (including continuous hospitalization) during a Policy Year the maximum Claim amount

              payable shall be sum of:
              - Base Sum Insured
              - No Claims Bonus (Benefit ­ 10)
              - Loyalty Bonus (Optional Cover 19)
              - No Claims Bonus Super (Optional Cover ­ 4)
              - Additional Sum Insured for Accidental Hospitalization (Optional Cover ­ 10)
         - During a Policy Year, the aggregate Claim amount payable, subject to admissibility of the Claim, shall not exceed
              the sum of:

5  CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
    - Base Sum Insured
    - No Claims Bonus (Benefit ­ 10)
    - Loyalty Bonus (Optional Cover 19)
    - No Claims Bonus Super (Optional Cover ­ 4)
    - Additional Sum Insured for Accidental Hospitalization (Optional Cover ­ 10)
    - Automatic Recharge(Benefit ­ 7)
- Any unutilized Recharge cannot be carried forward to any subsequent Policy Year.
- No Claims Bonus (Benefit ­ 10), No Claims Bonus Super (Optional Cover ­ 4), Loyalty Bonus (Optional Cover 19)
    shall not be considered while calculating 'Automatic Recharge'.
- The Recharge is applicable only for Benefit 1 (Hospitalization Expenses).
Illustration for Recharge of Sum Insured
For Policy Period 1st Jan. 2023 to 31st Dec. 2023

Details                                   Scenario 1  Scenario 2  Scenario 3  Scenario 4
                                          3,00,000    3,00,00     3,00,000    3,00,000
Sum Insured at Policy Year Start Date
(01.01.2023)                              -           -           90,000      90,000
No Claim Bonus

                                                                  Assuming that policy has 3 claim
                                                                  free years.

Total Eligible Sum Insured for Claim      3,00,000    3,00,000    3,90,000    3,90,000

Claim 1 on 01.05.2023                     2,00,000    2,00,000    3,50,000    4,50,000
Claim made for (Rs.)                      2,00,000    2,00,000    3,50,000    3,90,000
                                          2,00,000    2,00,000    3,00,000    3,00,000
Claim Amount Eligible                     No          No          Yes         Yes
Sum Insured utilized for Claim            No          No          50,000      90,000
No Claim Bonus available                  2,00,000
No Claim Bonus amount to be utilized for  1,00,000    2,00,000    3,50,000    3,90,000
Claim                                                 1,00,000    -           -
Total Claim Payable                       -                       40,000
Balance Sum Insured available for the     3,00,000    -                       -
balance policy period                                 3,00,000    3,00,000    3,00,000
Balance No Claim Bonus available for the   2,00,000
balance policy period                      2,00,000   4,00,000    3,50,000    3,50,000
Recharge Sum Insured available for the     1,00,000   3,00,000    3,40,000    3,00,000
balance policy period                      No         1,00,000    0           0
Claim 2 on 01.09.2023:                     N.A.       No          Yes         No
                                                      N.A.        40,000      N.A.
Claim made for (Rs.)                       Yes
                                           1,00,000   Yes         Yes         Yes
Claim Amount Eligible                      2,00,000   2,00,000    3,00,000    3,00,000
Sum Insured utilized for Claim                        3,00,000    3,40,000    3,00,000
No Claim Bonus available
No Claim Bonus amount to be utilized for
Claim
Recharge available
Recharge Sum Insured utilized
Total Claim Payable

CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526                                                                     6
   Balance Sum Insured available for the   Nil         Nil                         Nil  Nil

   balance policy period

   Recharge Sum Insured available for the  2,00,000    1,00,000                    Nil  Nil

   balance policy period

2.8. Benefit 8: Second Opinion:

   We take your illnesses as seriously as you do. If you are suffering from a serious illness (namely Benign Brain
   Tumor, Cancer, End Stage Lung Failure, Myocardial Infarction, Coronary Artery Bypass Graft, Heart Valve
   Replacement, Coma, End Stage Renal Failure, Stroke, Major Organ Transplant, Paralysis, Motor Neuron Disease,
   Multiple Sclerosis, Major Burns & Total Blindness) and feel uncertain about your diagnosis or wish to get a second
   opinion within India from a doctor on your medical reports for any other reason, we arrange one for you, free of cost,
   without any impact on Base Sum Insured amount. This second opinion is available to every Insured Person, once for
   each Major Illness / Injury per Policy year.

2.9. Benefit 9: AYUSH Treatments:

   It has been observed at times that a combination of conventional medical treatment and AYUSH therapies quicken &
   aid the process of recovery. Therefore, we will pay You up to Base Sum Insured for medical expenses incurred by
   You towards Your in-patient admission in AYUSH hospital or health care facilities, in India, which administers
   treatment related to the disciplines of medicine namely Ayurveda, Yoga and Naturopathy, Unani, Sidha and
   Homeopathy. Clause 4.2 (26) under Permanent Exclusions, is superseded to the extent covered under this Benefit.

2.10. Benefit 10: No Claims Bonus:

   If no Claim has been paid by Us in the expiring Policy Year, we raise a cheer to your good health in the form of a
   bonus for you. You receive a flat increase of 10 per cent in your base sum insured for the next Policy year. In any
   case the No Claims bonus will not exceed 50% of the base Sum insured under the policy and in the event there is a
   claim in a policy year, then the No Claims bonus accrued will be reduced by 10% of the base sum insured but in no
   case shall the Total Sum insured be less than the base Sum insured. For every year that you enjoy un-interrupted
   good health, your bonus keeps building up! It's just our way to tell you that we're there with you in good times and in
   bad. The Recharge amount (`Automatic Recharge' & `Unlimited Automatic Recharge') shall not be considered while
   calculating `No Claims Bonus'. Along with the Benefits (Base Covers) under the Policy, accrued `No Claims Bonus'
   can be utilized for Optional Cover 1 (Global Coverage ­ Total)and Optional Cover 13 (Extension of Global Coverage), if
   opted for. In case no claim is made in a particular Policy Year, No Claims Bonus would be credited automatically to the
   subsequent Policy year, even in case of multi-year Policies (with 2 or 3 year policy tenure).

   Note:

   If you wish to opt for discount on premium instead of additional Sum Insured at the time of renewal, then you would
   be eligible for a No Claim Discount of Rs. 49 (individual cover) /Rs. 99 (floater cover) in the base premium provided
   and subject to :

   1) Maximum NCB amount is not yet accrued by Insured under the Policy.

   2) No discount shall be offered in case of claim paid in previous Policy Year.

   3) Number of times the discount can be offered shall be same as number of times NCB amount gets accrued year on
       year.

   4) You have the option at the time of renewal only either to opt for additional Sum Insured or discount on renewal
       premium due to no claim but not both.

2.11. Benefit 11: Global Coverage (excluding U.S.A.):

   Through this benefit, you can avail Hospitalization expenses incurred outside India, anywhere in the world excluding
   United States of America, maximum up to Base Sum Insured. A mandatory Co-Payment of 10% per Claim is
   applicable, which will be in addition to any other co-payment (if any) applicable in the Policy. This Benefit is
   available for 45 continuous days from the date of travel in a single trip and 90 days on a cumulative basis as a whole,
   in a Policy Year. The Medical expenses payable shall be limited to Maternity Cover and Hospitalization Expenses
   (i.e., In-Patient Care and Day Care Treatment) only.

2.12. Benefit 12: Annual Health Check-up:

   Our prime concern is your good health! For this we are providing you preventive care, over and above the amount of
   Sum Insured!!

7                                                                                       CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
   To pre-empt your ever having to visit a hospital, as a preventive measure, we provide an annual health check-up at
   our Network Provider or other Service Providers specifically empanelled with us to provide the services, in India, for
   all the Insured Persons who is covered under the Policy, on a Cashless basis. This Benefit shall be available only once
   during a Policy Year per Insured Person.

   (a) Medical Tests covered in the Annual Health Check-up, applicable for Sum Insured up to Rs.75 Lac for Insured
       Persons who are of Age 18 years or above on the Policy Period Start Date, are as follows:

Set No. List of Medical Tests covered as a part of Annual Health Check-up  Plan

1  Complete Blood Count with ESR, Urine Routine, Blood Group, Fasting Blood Care 2, Care 3 & Care 8

   Sugar, Serum Cholesterol, SGPT, Serum Creatinine, Calcium

2  Complete Blood Count with ESR, Urine Routine, Blood Group, Fasting Blood Care 4 & Care 9

   Sugar, Lipid Profile, Kidney Function Test , SGPT

3  Complete Blood Count with ESR, Urine Routine, Blood Group, Fasting Blood Care 5 & Care 6

   Sugar, Lipid Profile, Liver Function Test , Kidney Function Test

   (b) Medical Tests covered in the Annual Health Check-up, applicable for Care 7, for Insured Persons who are of Age
       18 years or above on the Policy Period Start Date, are as follows:

Infection Markers                - ESR            Lipid Profile            - LDL
- Complete Blood Count(CBC)      - Urine Routine  - Cholesterol            - Triglycerides
- ABO Group & Rh Type                             - HDL
- Stool Routine                                   - VLDL

Liver Function Test              - SGPT           Kidney Function Test     - Blood Urea Nitrogen
- S Bilirubin (Total/Direct)     - GGT            - Creatinine             - Estimated GFR,
- SGOT                           - Total Protein  - Uric Acid
- Alkaline Phosphatase                                                         GFR category,
- Albumin : Globulin                              - Urea,                  - Blood Urea Nitrogen

TSH Profile                                       - Protein Total,             / Creatinine ratio
Vitamin D & B12                                   - Globulin, A:G ratio,   - Albumin,
                                                  - Phosphorous,           - Calcium,
                                                  - Serum                  - Electrolytes,
                                                  Diabetes Markers
                                                  - Hba1c
                                                  Hs-CRP

       (c) Medical Tests covered in the Annual Health Check-up, applicable for Insured Persons who are of Age below 18
            years on the Policy Period Start Date for all Plans except Care 1, are as follows :-

List of Medical Tests covered as a part of Annual Health Check-up

Physical Examination (Height, Weight and Body Mass Index (BMI)), Eye Examination, Dental Examination and
Scoring, Growth Charting, Doctor Consultation, Urine Examination (Routine and Microscopic)

2.13. Benefit 13: Vaccination Cover:

         As they rightly say, Prevention is better than Cure! We too strongly believe in the same!!

         We will pay you up to a specified amount, towards the Vaccination expenses for all the Insured Persons up to 18
         years of age, as prescribed in the National Immunization Schedule (NIS) for protection against Diphtheria, Pertussis,
         Tetanus, Polio, Measles, Hepatitis B and Tuberculosis, which fall under category of Vaccine preventable diseases as

CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526                                                                      8
          follows:                                                                        Protection against
   Set No. Vaccine& its presentation

   1 BCG (Bacillus Calmette Guerin)- Lyophilized vaccine                                  Tuberculosis

   2 OPV (Oral Polio Vaccine)- Liquid vaccine                                             Poliomyelitis

   3 Hepatitis B ­ Liquid Vaccine                                                         Hepatitis B

   4 DPT (Diphtheria, Pertussis and Tetanus Toxoid) ­ Liquid vaccine                      Diphtheria, Pertussis and Tetanus

   5 Measles - Lyophilized vaccine                                                        Measles

   6 TT (Tetanus Toxoid) ­ Liquid vaccine                                                 Tetanus

   7 JE vaccination Lyophilized vaccine                                                   Japanese Encephalitis (Brain
                                                                                          fever)

   8 Hib (given as pentavalent containing Hib + DPT + Hep B) ­ Liquid vaccine Hib Pneumonia and Hib
                                                                                                            meningitis

2.14. Benefit 14: Care Anywhere:

   After all, it's your health, and we stand by every decision you take in its interest.

   For specific diseases / ailments (namely Cancer, End Stage Renal Failure, Benign Brain Tumor, Total Blindness,
   Major Organ Transplant, End Stage Lung Disease, Heart Valve Replacement, Coronary Artery Bypass Graft, Stroke,
   Myocardial Infarction, Major Burns & Coma) we ensure that You have access to one of the best healthcare services
   out of India, anywhere in the world!

   Payment for medical expenses for specific diseases / ailments under this Benefit shall be made only if prior written
   notice of at least 7 days is given to us.

2.15. Benefit 15: Maternity Cover:

   Pregnancy is undoubtedly one of the most beautiful and significantly life-altering events in a Women's life! Thus
   through Maternity Cover, we will pay up to a specified amount, for the Medical Expenses associated with
   Hospitalization of an Insured Person for the delivery of a child, subject to the conditions specified below:

   - Claims will not be admissible for any expenses incurred for diagnosis / treatment related to any Maternity
       Expenses until 24 months since the inception of the first Policy with us.

   - This Benefit is available only under Floater cover type for all Insured Persons of age 18 years or above.

   - Clause 4.2 (16) under Permanent Exclusions, is superseded to the extent covered under this Benefit.

2.16. Benefit 16: Wellness Benefit:

   a. Insured Person who is covered as Adult aged 18 years and above in the Policy can avail following, provided this
       benefit is opted for­

   Discount on renewal Premium by accumulating Healthy days as per table given below. One Healthy day can be
   accumulated by recording 10,000 (8000 steps for Insured Person of age 60 years and above) steps or more in
   single day through tracking apps, devices, etc.

Healthy Days discount:                                                Discount on Renewal Premium
                   No. of Healthy days in a year                                       30%
                                   270

   240                                                                                    20%

   180                                                                                    15%

   120                                                                                    10%

   Less than 120                                                                          0%

   - The above benefit will be applicable on Individual basis. In case of floater, average of number of Healthy
       days earned by all Insured Members shall be considered for calculating renewal discount. For example,' A'

9                                                                                                      CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
                  has attained 260 Healthy days and ' B' has attained 230 Healthy days, average of the Healthy days is 245 and
                  accordingly the discount calculated is 20%.In case of multi tenure, average of number of Healthy days earned
                  over the policy tenure shall be considered for discount.

              - The above section of benefit is available only for Insured covered as Adults aged 18 and above in the Policy
                  and discount calculated shall be applicable on total premium of Policy.

              - Responsibility of mapping device with CHIL system is of the insured/customer

              - Number of days completing 10,000 steps or more that are accumulated in last 2 months of the Policy Period
                  would not be considered for discount on renewal premium. The same shall carry forward and will be
                  considered in next policy period.

              - In case of instalment premium mode is opted, then discount shall be considered only post payment of first 6
                  month of premium.

              - Medical vouchers of value equivalent to renewal discount amount can also be provided to Insured in case he/she
                  does not wish for discount on renewal premium.

         b. Access to Digital Fitness Coaching

         c. Access to Artificial Intelligence Fitness Coaching

         d. Access to Nutritionist/Wellness Coach

         The above services (b, c, d) shall be available at Company's Network and available to Insured Members aged above 12
         years subject to the following conditions:

         a. The services will be provided through an empanelled Provider only. Choice of the Insured Person in utilizing the
              services of Provider will be entirely his/ her own and Company will have no liability towards the quality of services
              provided by the Provider.

         b. The company shall not be responsible for any disputes arising between the Insured Person and the empanelled
              Provider.

         c. The network under this benefit, does not constitute medical advice of any kind and it is not intended to be, and should
              not be, used to diagnose or identify treatment for a medical or mental health condition.

2.17. Benefit 17: Global Plus:

         We shall indemnify the Insured Person, through Cashless or Reimbursement facility, for Medically Necessary Inpatient
         Care and Day Care Treatment expenses incurred outside India up to the Sum Insured, during the Policy Year, subject to
         the conditions specified below:

         (i) The diagnosis shall be made in India and Insured Person travels abroad for treatment. Insured Person shall submit
              the following for admissibility of claim:

              - Proof of diagnosis within India

              - Insured's Passport and Visa

         (ii) The Medical expenses payable shall be limited to Inpatient Care & Day Care Treatment under Benefit 1
              (Hospitalization Expenses) only; 'Pre-Hospitalization' and 'Post-Hospitalization' expenses are not covered under the
              purview of this cover.

              Note:

              a) Clause 6.1.7(a) of Payment Terms under Claims Procedure and Management is superseded to the extent covered
                  under this Benefit.

              b) The payment of any Claim under this Benefit will be based on the rate of exchange as on the Date of Loss
                  published by Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and shall be used for conversion of Foreign Currency into Indian
                  Rupees for payment of Claims. If on the Insured Person's Date of Loss, if RBI rates are not published, the
                  exchange rate next published by RBI shall be considered for conversion.

18. Benefit 18 : Unlimited E-consultation

CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526  10
         We shall offer unlimited e-consultations with qualified General and/ or Specialist Physicians (as available) at our
         network during the Policy Year through any mode of communication as available (Voice/Video Call /Chat /Email
         Chat/etc.)

3. OPTIONAL COVERS

         You can opt for the following Optional covers either at the inception of the policy or at the time of renewal:-

3.1. Optional Cover 1: Global Coverage ­ Total:

         A comprehensive Insurance should not have many restrictions in terms of where to avail the treatment in case of your
         ill health. So, we thought of offering you a health insurance which has sky as its limit. Through this Optional Cover,
         you can avail treatment under Maternity Cover and Hospitalization i.e., In-Patient care and Day Care Treatment
         outside India, anywhere in the world (including United States of America).

         This Optional Cover stands as an extension to Benefit 12 ­ Global Coverage (excluding U.S.A.)

3.2. Optional Cover 2: Travel Plus:

         A friend in need is a friend indeed!

         Imagine you visit a foreign land and due to unforeseen circumstances, you fall sick and it becomes a situation of
         medical emergency or you realize that you misplaced your passport or you suddenly realize that your Baggage is lost
         after Checking-into the common carrier or may it be Repatriation of Mortal Remains or Medical Evacuation, your
         health insurance cover will come to your rescue to serve as a protection shield on that foreign land in such
         contingencies. Having this Policy with you will be as good as taking a friend along, who stands by you, the moment
         you need a companionship the most.

         This Optional Cover is available for 45 continuous days from the date of travel in a single trip and 90 days on a
         cumulative basis as a whole, in a Policy Year.

         The following is the detailed list of Benefits provided to you under Travel Plus, which are valid outside India.

         3.2.1. Worldwide In-Patient Cover (for emergency):

                  If you are out of India, anywhere in the world and suddenly fall sick or suffer an Injury which leads to an
                  emergency medical situation, you will be eligible to avail in-patient care in a `Single Private Room' in a Hospital
                  through this Policy, maximum up to limits specified.

                  The amount assessed by us under this Benefit shall be reduced by the specified Deductible on each admitted
                  Claim. `Day Care Treatment', `Pre-Hospitalization' and `Post-Hospitalization' expenses are not covered under
                  the purview of this cover.

         3.2.2. Worldwide OPD Cover:

                  If you are out of India, anywhere in the world and suddenly fall sick or suffer an Injury, you will be eligible to avail
                  out-patient care through this Policy, maximum up to limits specified.

                  The amount assessed by us under this Benefit shall be reduced by the specified Deductible on each admitted
                  Claim.

         3.2.3. Loss of Passport:

                  If you lose your original passport, and you incur expenses towards obtaining a duplicate or new passport, we will
                  pay you for such incurred expenses, maximum up to the limits specified.

                  The amount assessed by us under this Benefit shall be reduced by the specified Deductible on each admitted
                  Claim.

         3.2.4. Loss of Checked-in Baggage:

                  We will pay you up to specified limit for the market value for cost of replacement of the entire baggage and its
                  contents if the entire Checked-In Baggage is lost whilst in custody of the Common Carrier.

                  In case the market value of any single item of the Contents (excluding Valuables) of a Checked-In Baggage
                  exceeds Rs.5,000/-, Our liability shall be limited to Rs.5,000/- only. If more than one (1) piece of Checked-in
                  Baggage has been checked-in under the same ticket of the Insured Person and all the pieces of Checked-in
                  Baggage are not lost, then our liability shall be restricted to 0.5% of the Base Sum Insured or Rs. 10,000
                  (whichever is lesser).

11  CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
         3.2.5. Repatriation of Mortal Remains:

                  We will pay You, up to limits specified, for the costs of repatriation of the mortal remains of the Insured Person
              back to the Place of Residence or for a local burial or cremation at the place where death has occurred, if your demise
              happens solely and directly due to an Insurable event.

         3.2.6. Medical Evacuation:

                  Even the best-planned trips don't always go as planned!

                  May it be a quick weekend trip or a well-planned dream Holiday!!

                  As explained in Emergency Medicine, the golden hour is a time period lasting for one hour following traumatic
                  injury being sustained by a casualty or medical emergency, during which there is the highest likelihood that
                  prompt medical treatment will prevent death. It is well established that the patient's chances of survival are
                  greatest if they receive care within a short period of time after a severe injury.

                  We will pay you, up to specified limit, for the reasonable cost incurred towards your Medical Evacuation in an
                  Emergency condition through an Ambulance, which includes Air Ambulance or any other transportation and
                  evacuation services to the nearest Hospital. This also includes necessary medical care en-route forming part of the
                  treatment, for any Illness contracted or Injury sustained by you. Payment under this Benefit is subject to a Claim
                  for the same Illness or Injury being admitted by Us under Benefit 3.2.1 (Worldwide In-Patient Cover (for
                  Emergency)).

                  Note:

                  for Deductible under `Worldwide In-Patient Cover (for emergency)', `Worldwide OPD Cover' and `Loss of
                  Passport' of Optional Cover `Travel Plus' ­ Once the claimed amount is converted into Indian Rupees, the
                  deductible (in INR) will be applied to calculate the final pay-out to the Claimant.

3.3. Optional Cover 3: Unlimited Automatic Recharge:

         This Optional Cover is an extension to Benefit ­ 7, "Automatic Recharge". Through this Optional Cover, your base
         sum insured can be reinstated unlimited times, whenever you need it the most. If, due to claims made, you ever run
         out of/exhaust your health cover, we reinstate the entire base sum insured unlimited times in a policy year. This re-
         instated amount can be used for same illness as well different illnesses during the same Policy year.

         Any unutilized Recharge cannot be carried forward to any subsequent Policy Year.

         No Claims Bonus (Benefit ­ 10), No Claims Bonus Super (Optional Cover ­ 4), Loyalty Bonus (Optional Cover 19) shall
         not be considered while calculating `Unlimited Automatic Recharge'.

3.4. Optional Cover 4: No Claims Bonus Super:

         For every year that you enjoy un-interrupted good health, your No Claims Bonus Super keeps building up!

         This Optional Cover serves as an extension to No Claims Bonus (Benefit ­ 10). In a particular year, if this option is
         chosen by you and we have not paid any claim, we raise a cheer to your good health in the form of a No Claims
         Bonus Super for you. You receive an increase of 50 percent flat in your Base Sum insured, which is over & above the
         Sum Insured accrued under No Claims Bonus (Benefit ­ 10), for the next Policy year. In any case the No Claims
         Bonus Super will not exceed 100% of the Base Sum insured and in the event there is a claim paid in a policy year,
         then the No Claims bonus Super accrued will be reduced by 50% of the Base Sum insured but in no case shall the
         Total Sum Insured be reduced than the Base Sum Insured. The Recharge amount (`Automatic Recharge' &
         `Unlimited Automatic Recharge') shall not be considered while calculating `No Claims Bonus Super'. Along with the
         Benefits (Base Covers) under the Policy, accrued `No Claims Bonus Super' can be utilized for Optional Cover 1
         (Global Coverage ­ Total)and Optional Cover 13 (Extension of Global Coverage), if opted for. In case no claim is made in
         a particular Policy Year, `No Claims Bonus Super'would be credited automatically to the subsequent Policy year, even in
         case of multi-year Policies (with 2 or 3 year policy tenure).

3.5. Optional Cover 5: Deductible Option:

         Win-Win Situation!

         We give you an option of choosing a deductible along with your Plan, which will help you reduce the amount of
         Premium to be paid!!

         Deductible is the claim amount (as specified) which is to be borne by You under this Policy. Deductible would apply

CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526  12
    on an aggregate basis in a Policy Year.
    We shall be liable only once the aggregate amount of all the claims exceed the Deductible.
    Illustration for applicability of Deductible in the same Policy Year

                                                                                                (Amount in Rupees)

- S. No.  Sum Insured Deductible  Claim 1  Claim 2  Claim 3  Payable 1                          Payable 2 Payable 3
    1      500,000 100,000        75,000   125,000  100,000      -
    2      500,000 100,000        75,000   250,000  300,000      -                              100,000 100,000
    3      500,000 100,000        250,000  400,000  400,000
                                                             150,000                            225,000 275,000

                                                                                                350,000  -

3.6. Optional Cover 6: Everyday Care:

         We understand that healthcare needs are not only limited to hospitalization. Regular doctor consultations are as
         important for ensuring sustained good health as for immediate cure of routine illnesses. We value this need and if the
         option is chosen by you, We will provide the following Everyday Care Services (the "Services") to You during the
         Policy Year, under this Optional Cover:-

         (i) Out Patient Consultations:

                  You may avail out-patient treatment at any of our Network Service Provider, up to a maximum limit of 1% of
                  Base Sum Insured. For the purpose of this Benefit, a flat Co-payment of 20% per consultation is applicable and
                  no other co-payment mentioned elsewhere in the Policy is applicable.

         (ii) Diagnostic Examinations:

                  You may avail Diagnostic Examination facilities anywhere within our Network, up to a maximum limit of 1% of
                  Base Sum Insured, as prescribed by a Medical Practitioner. For the purpose of this Benefit, a flat Co-payment of
                  20% per Diagnostic Examination is applicable and no other co-payment mentioned elsewhere in the Policy is
                  applicable.

         (iii) Health Care Services which include only the following:

                  a) Doctor Anytime /Free Health Helpline: You may seek medical advice from a Medical Practitioner through
                       the telephonic or online mode by contacting Us on the helpline details specified on Our website.

                  b) Health Portal: You may access health related information and services available through Our website.

                  c) Health & Wellness Offers: You may avail discounts primarily on the OPD Consultations, Diagnostics and
                       Pharmacy offered through our Network Service Providers (which are listed on Our website).

         Network Service Provider means any person, organization, institution that has been empanelled with us to provide
         Services specified under this Optional Cover to the Insured Person.

3.7. Optional Cover 7: Smart Select:

         This Optional Cover provides you a discount in the premium you pay!

         By choosing this Optional Cover and thereby getting a discount of 15% on the Premium payable, you can avail
         Medical Treatment at any hospital listed under Annexure ­ IV to the Prospectus.

         However, if you avail Medical Treatment in hospitals other than those mentioned under Annexure ­ IV to the
         Prospectus, then you shall bear a Co-Payment of 20% on each and every Claim arising in such regard, which will be
         in addition to any other co-payment (if any) applicable in the Policy.

         Note:

         For an updated list of Hospitals mentioned under Annexure ­ IV to the Prospectus, please refer to our Website.

         This Benefit is available only within India and co-pay is not applicable for claims incurred outside India.

3.8. Optional Cover 8: OPD Care:

         We understand how trivial but important are bills pertaining to OPD consultations, diagnostics and medicines.
         Collectively, they can sum-up to cause a major financial impact.

13                                                                                              CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
   Hence through this Optional Cover, we will pay you, through Reimbursement facility only, maximum up to a
   specified limit, for the following Out-patient care Services during the Policy Year -

   (a) Out Patient consultations

   (b) Diagnostic Examinations

   © Pharmacy

   Note:

   1) Coverage for Optional Cover `OPD Care' is provided for entire Policy year and is available to all the Insured
       members in a Floater Policy type along with Individual Policy type. All the valid OPD claim expenses incurred
       by the Insured Person in a policy year will be payable / reimbursed by Us. However, claim can be filed with Us,
       only twice during that Policy year, as and when that Insured Person may deem fit.

3.9. Optional Cover 9: Personal Accident:

   Accidents are never foreseen as they mean! But a stitch in time can save nine!!

   A little plan for such unforeseen events can protect the interests of your beneficiaries in a big way.

   This Optional Cover can be chosen by You for yourself, Spouse & Dependent children, only if they are insured under
   this Policy and You (for yourself) have opted for such Cover. (Proposer's Dependent parents are not eligible to for
   coverage under this Optional Cover `Personal Accident').

   Maximum coverage amount which can be chosen by the Proposer for oneself ranges from `Sum Insured' to `10 times
   of the Sum Insured' (subject to a maximum of Rs.3 Crore) in multiples of Lacs only. (NOTE: Sum Insured mentioned
   here is the Sum Insured pertaining to the base plan)

   Optionally, if You wish to cover your Spouse or Children under this Optional Cover, the coverage amount is as
   follows:

   i. For Spouse:50% of the Coverage amount chosen for You

   ii. Per Child:25% of the Coverage amount chosen for You (If opted for `Per Child', cover should be taken for all
       dependent children under this Policy)

   This Optional Cover includes two Benefits namely "Accidental Death" and "Permanent Total Disablement" which
   are explained below and are applicable to events arising worldwide.

   3.9.1. Accidental Death:

          We shall pay 100% of the coverage amount of the Insured Person, in the event of his / her Death on account of an
          Accident/ Injury, during the Policy Period or within twelve calendar months from the date of occurrence of such
          Accident/ Injury which occurred during Policy Period.

   3.9.2. Permanent Total Disablement (PTD):

          We shall pay up to the coverage amount of the Insured Person as specified below in case of his / her permanent
          total disablement on account of any Accident / Injury, during the Policy Period or within twelve calendar months
          from the date of occurrence of such Accident / Injury which occurred during Policy Period. The payout of the Sum
          Insured shall be as per table below:

Set No.                           Insured Events                                            % of coverage amount
                                                                                            of the Insured Person
                                                                                             under this Optional

                                                                                                      Cover

1         Total and irrecoverable loss of sight of both eyes, or of the actual loss by                     100%

          physical separation of two entire hands or two entire feet, or one entire hand

          and one entire foot, or the total and irrecoverable loss of sight of one eye and

          loss by physical separation of one entire hand or one entire foot

2         Total and irrecoverable loss of (a) use of two hands or two feet, or (b) one                     100%

          hand and one foot, or (c) sight of one eye and use of one hand or one foot

3         Total and irrecoverable loss of sight of one eye, or of the actual loss by                       50%

          physical separation of one entire hand or one entire foot

CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526                                                                                    14
    4  Total and irrecoverable loss of use of a hand or a foot without physical  50%
                                                                                 100%
       separation

    5  Paraplegia or Quadriplegia or Hemiplegia

         Note:

         For the purpose of Sr. No. I to IV in the table above, physical separation of a hand or foot shall mean separation of
         the hand at or above the wrist, and of the foot at or above the ankle.

         For the purpose of this Benefit only:

         (i) "Hemiplegia" means complete and irrecoverable paralysis of the arm, leg, and trunk on the same side of the
                  body;

         (ii) "Paraplegia" means complete and irrecoverable paralysis of the whole of the lower half of the body (below
                  waist) including both the legs;

         (iii) "Quadriplegia" means complete and irrecoverable paralysis of all four limbs.

3.10. Optional Cover 10: Additional Sum Insured for Accidental Hospitalization:

         In case any Claim is made for Emergency Care of any Injury due to an Accident during the Policy Period, We shall
         automatically provide an additional Sum Insured equal to the Base Sum Insured for In-patient Care for that Insured
         Person who is hospitalized, provided that:

         i. The `additional Sum Insured for Accidental Hospitalization' shall be utilized only after the Base Sum Insured
                  has been completely exhausted;

         ii. The total amount payable under such Claim shall not exceed the sum total of the Base Sum Insured, No
                  Claims Bonus, No Claims Bonus Super (if opted) Loyalty Bonus (if opted) and `additional Sum Insured for
                  Accidental Hospitalization';

         iii. The `additional Sum Insured for Accidental Hospitalization' shall be available only for such Insured Person
                  for whom Claim for Hospitalization following the Accident has been accepted under the Policy;

         iv. The `additional Sum Insured for Accidental Hospitalization' shall be applied only once during the Policy
                  Period.

3.11. Optional Cover 11: International Second Opinion:

         "International Second Opinion" is an extension to Benefit 8 (Second Opinion) and hence all the provisions stated
         under the Benefit ­ `Second Opinion', holds good for this Optional Cover as well, except that the geographical scope
         of coverage for this Optional Cover is applicable to worldwide excluding India only.

3.12. Optional Cover 12: Reduction in PED Wait Period:

         Choosing this Optional Cover reduces the applicable wait period of 36 months for Claims related to Pre-existing
         diseases, to 24 months.

         Hence all the provisions stated under Clause 4.1 (iii), holds good for this Optional Cover as well, except that the
         claims will be admissible for any Medical Expenses incurred for Hospitalization in respect of diagnosis/treatment of
         any Pre-existing Disease after just 24 months of continuous coverage has elapsed, since the inception of the first
         Policy with us.

         Note:

         This Optional Cover will be available only at the time of inception of the Policy and only for the Sum Insured chosen
         at that time.

3.13. Optional Cover 13: Extension of Global Coverage:

         There may be times when our heart asks for more!

         For those who feel the need for an extended duration of coverage under Benefit 15 `Global Coverage (excluding
         USA)' and Optional Cover 1 `Global Coverage ­ Total', the duration of coverage will be extended to 90 continuous
         days in a single trip and maximum 180 days on a cumulative basis, by opting this Optional Cover.

15                                                                               CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
3.14. Optional Cover 14: Air Ambulance Cover:

Through this cover, we will pay you up to the amount specified for availing Air Ambulance services in India, offered
by a Hospital or by an Ambulance service provider, for your necessary transportation from the place of occurrence of
Medical Emergency, to the nearest Hospital. Through this cover, we will also pay your necessary transportation fares
from one Hospital to another Hospital, for advanced/better equipped medical support/aid required for rescuing your
health condition.

However, the treating Medical Practitioner should certify in writing that the severity or the nature of your Illness or
Injury warrants your requirement for the Air Ambulance.

3.15. Optional Cover 15 : Advance Annual Health Check-up:

We will arrange for your medical tests as opted below under this Benefit (upon your request, through Cashless
Facility), at Network Provider/ other Service Providers which is specifically empanelled with Us to provide the
services, in India.

Following conditions shall apply:

a) This Benefit shall be available only once during a Policy Year per Insured Person; and

b) This benefit does not reduce the Sum Insured.

You shall be entitled for the following Medical Tests (Only If you are of Age 18 years or above on the Policy Period
Start Date):-

Set No.                          List of Medical Tests covered

Option 1                         ECG, TMT

Option 2                         ECG, TMT, Lung Function Test, X-Ray ­ Chest, Ultrasound Abdomen

3.16. Optional Cover 16 : Room Rent Modification:

         If this Optional Benefit is opted, We shall modify the Room Rent / Room Category to Single Private Room/No Limit
         as specified in Policy schedule.

         Note:

         i. No limit on ICU charges under this Optional Cover.

         ii. If the eligible Room Rent or Room Category applicable for You ,under the Policy is `No limit', which means
                  that there is no separate restriction on Room Charges incurred towards stay during Hospitalization

         iii. Intensive Care Unit Charges (ICU Charges): If the eligible ICU Charges applicable for You , under the
                  Policy is `No limit', which means there is no separate restriction on ICU Charges incurred towards stay in
                  ICU during Hospitalization.

3.17. Optional Cover 17: Be-Fit Benefit:

         If you are above 12 years of age, you may avail unlimited visits to the Fitness Centers in a Policy year at our
         network!

         Note:

         The services availed would be subject to the following conditions:

         i. The services will be provided through an empanelled Fitness center only.

                  It will entirely be your personal choice in utilizing Fitness Center services, and We shall bear no liability
                  towards the quality of services provided by the Fitness Centers.

         ii. We shall not be responsible for any disputes or loss in account of availing the services or arising between You
                  and the Fitness center.

3.18. Optional Cover 18: Co-payment:

         On opting this optional Cover, the Insured Person or eldest Insured Person (in case of floater) whose age is 61 years
         or above will bear a Co-payment (over & above any other co-payment, if any), which applies to such Insured Person
         or all Insured Persons (in case of Floater) as specified in the Policy Schedule and our liability shall be restricted to the

CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526                                                                   16
         balance amount payable.

         The Co-payment shall be applicable to each and every claim for each Insured Person as defined in the Policy

3.19 Optional Cover 19: Loyalty Bonus

         In case no claim has been paid by us for 3 consecutive Policy Years, then 3 times of base Sum Insured will be provided
         as bonus on subsequent renewal. This benefit shall be provided only once in lifetime of the Policy and subject to the
         conditions specified below:

         (i) The Loyalty Bonus shall not enhance or be deemed to enhance any Conditions as prescribed under Clause
                  3.1.1(iii).

         (ii) For a Floater policy, the Loyalty Bonus shall be available on Floater basis and shall accrue only if no Claim has
                  been made in respect of any Insured Person for 3 consecutive Policy Year. The Loyalty Bonus will only be
                  available to those Insured Persons who were insured in such three claim free Policy Year and continue to be
                  insured in the subsequent Policy Year.

         (iii) The entire Loyalty Bonus will be forfeited if the Policy is not continued / renewed on or before Policy Period End
                  Date or the expiry of the Grace Period whichever is later.

         (iv) If the Insured Persons in the expiring policy are covered on a Floater basis and such Insured Persons renew their
                  expiring Policy with the Company by splitting the Floater Sum Insured in to 2 (two) or more Floater / Individual
                  covers, then the Loyalty Bonus shall be apportioned to such renewed Policy in the proportion of the Base Sum
                  Insured of each of the renewed Policy.

         (v) In case Base Sum Insured under the Policy is increased at the time of renewal, the Loyalty Bonus shall be
                  calculated on the Base Sum Insured applicable at the time of inception of the Policy.

         (vi) The Recharge amount ('Automatic Recharge' & 'Unlimited Automatic Recharge') shall not be considered while
                  calculating 'Loyalty Bonus'.

         (vii) Along with the Benefits (Base Covers) under the Policy, accrued 'Loyalty Bonus' can be utilized for Optional
                  Cover 1 (Global Coverage ­ Total) and Optional Cover 13 (Extension of Global Coverage), if opted for.

         General Note applicable to all the Optional Covers:

         Coverage amount limits for Optional Cover 2 `Travel Plus', Optional Cover 6 `Everyday Care', Optional Cover 8
         `OPD Care', Optional Cover 9 `Personal Accident' and Optional Cover 10 `Additional Sum Insured for Accidental
         Hospitalization' are covered over and above the `Base Sum Insured'. Please refer to Annexure V for more details on
         `Basis of treatment of Optional Covers'.

4. EXCLUSIONS

4.1. Waiting Periods:

         (i) First 30-Day waiting Period: (Code ­ Excl03)

              a. Expenses related to the treatment of any illness within 30 days from the first policy commencement date shall
                  be excluded except claims arising due to an accident, provided the same are covered.

              b. This exclusion shall not, however, apply if the Insured Person has Continuous Coverage for more than twelve
                  months.

              c. The within referred waiting period is made applicable to the enhanced sum insured in the event of granting
                  higher sum insured subsequently.

         (ii) Specific Waiting Period: (Code- Excl02)

              a. Expenses related to the treatment of the listed Conditions, surgeries/ treatments and its direct complications shall
                  be excluded until the expiry of 24 months of continuous coverage after the date of inception of the first policy with
                  the Company. This exclusion shall not be applicable for claims arising due to an accident.

              b. In case of enhancement of sum insured the exclusion shall apply afresh to the extent of sum insured increase.

              c. If any of the specified disease/procedure falls under the waiting period specified for pre-Existing diseases,
                  then the longer of the two waiting periods shall apply.

              d. The waiting period for listed conditions shall apply even if contracted after the policy or declared and

17  CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
                  accepted without a specific exclusion.

              e. If the Insured Person is continuously covered without any break as defined under the applicable norms on
                  portability stipulated by IRDAI, then waiting period for the same would be reduced to the extent of prior
                  coverage.

              f. List of specific diseases/procedures:

                  1. Any treatment related to Arthritis (if non-infective), Osteoarthritis and Osteoporosis, Gout, Rheumatism,
                       Spinal Disorders, Joint Replacement Surgery, Arthroscopic Knee Surgeries/ACL Reconstruction/Meniscal
                       and Ligament Repair

                  2. Surgical treatments for Benign ear, nose and throat (ENT) disorders and surgeries (including but not
                       limited to Adenoidectomy, Mastoidectomy, Tonsillectomy and Tympanoplasty), Nasal Septum Deviation,
                       Sinusitis and related disorders

                  3. Benign Prostatic Hypertrophy

                  4. Cataract

                  5. Dilatation and Curettage

                  6. Fissure / Fistula in anus, Hemorrhoids / Piles, Pilonidal Sinus, Gastric and Duodenal Ulcers

                  7. Surgery of Genito-urinary system unless necessitated by malignancy

                  8. All types of Hernia & Hydrocele

                  9. Hysterectomy for menorrhagia or Fibromyoma or prolapse of uterus unless necessitated by malignancy

                  10. Internal tumours, skin tumours, cysts, nodules, polyps including breast lumps (each of any kind) unless
                       malignant

                  11. Kidney Stone / Ureteric Stone / Lithotripsy / Gall Bladder Stone

                  12. Myomectomy for fibroids

                  13. Varicose veins and varicose ulcers

                  14. Parkinson's or Alzheimer's disease or Dementia

         (iii)Pre-existing Disease: (Code- Excl01)

              a. Expenses related to the treatment of a pre-existing Disease (PED) and its direct complications shall be
                  excluded until the expiry of 36 months of continuous coverage after the date of inception of the first policy
                  with insurer.

              b. In case of enhancement of sum insured the exclusion shall apply afresh to the extent of sum insured increase.

              c. If the Insured Person is continuously covered without any break as defined under the portability norms of the
                  extant IRDAI (Health Insurance) Regulations, then waiting period for the same would be reduced to the
                  extent of prior coverage.

              d. Coverage under the policy after the expiry of 36 months for any pre-existing disease is subject to the same
                  being declared at the time of application and accepted by Insurer.

         (iv) The Waiting Periods as defined in Clauses 4.1(I), 4.1(ii) and 4.1(iii) shall be applicable individually for each
              Insured Person and Claims shall be assessed accordingly.

         (v) If Coverage for Benefits (in case of change in Product Plan) or Optional Covers are added afresh at the time of
              renewal of this Policy, the Waiting Periods as defined above in Clauses 4.1 (i), 4.1(ii) and 4.1(iii) shall be
              applicable afresh to the newly added Benefits or Optional Covers (if applicable), from the time of such renewal.

         (vi) For specific Covers offered on a global basis namely Benefit 11 `Global Coverage (excluding USA)', Optional
              Cover 1 `Global Coverage ­ Total' and Optional Cover 2 `Travel Plus', first 30 day Waiting Period defined as per
              Clause 4.1 (i) does not apply on the foreign land, in case the Insured Person travels abroad.

4.2. Exclusions:

         The following list of permanent exclusions is applicable to all the Benefits and Optional Covers.

CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526  18
    Any Claim in respect of any Insured Person for, arising out of or directly or indirectly due to any of the following
    shall not be admissible unless expressly stated to the contrary elsewhere in the Policy.

    1. Any item or condition or treatment specified in List of Non-Medical Items (Annexure ­ II to Policy Terms &
        Conditions).

    2. Investigation & Evaluation: (Code- Excl04)

        a) Expenses related to any admission primarily for diagnostics and evaluation purposes only are excluded.

        b) Any diagnostic expenses which are not related or not incidental to the current diagnosis and treatment are
             excluded.

    3. Rest Cure, rehabilitation and respite care: (Code- Excl05)

        a) Expenses related to any admission primarily for enforced bed rest and not for receiving treatment. This
             also includes:

             i. Custodial care either at home or in a nursing facility for personal care such as help with activities of daily
                  living such as bathing, dressing, moving around either by skilled nurses or assistant or non-skilled
                  persons.

             ii. Any services for people who are terminally ill to address physical, social, emotional and spiritual needs.

    4. Obesity/ Weight Control: (Code- Excl06)

        Expenses related to the surgical treatment of obesity that does not fulfill all the below conditions:

        1) Surgery to be conducted is upon the advice of the Doctor

        2) The surgery/Procedure conducted should be supported by clinical protocols

        3) The member has to be 18 years of age or older and

        4) Body Mass Index (BMI);

             a) greater than or equal to 40 or

             b) greater than or equal to 35 in conjunction with any of the following severe co-morbidities following
                  failure of less invasive methods of weight loss:

                  i. Obesity-related cardiomyopathy

                  ii. Coronary heart disease

                  iii. Severe Sleep Apnea

                  iv. Uncontrolled Type2 Diabetes

    5. Change-of-Gender treatments: (Code- Excl07)

        Expenses related to any treatment, including surgical management, to change characteristics of the body to those
        of the opposite sex.

    6. Cosmetic or plastic Surgery: (Code- Excl08)

        Expenses for cosmetic or plastic surgery or any treatment to change appearance unless for reconstruction
        following an Accident, Burn(s) or Cancer or as part of medically necessary treatment to remove a direct
        and immediate health risk to the insured. For this to be considered a medical necessity, it must be certified by the
        attending Medical Practitioner.

    7. Hazardous or Adventure sports: (Code- Excl09)

        Expenses related to any treatment necessitated due to participation as a professional in hazardous or adventure
        sports, including but not limited to, para-jumping, rock climbing, mountaineering, rafting, motor racing, horse
        racing or scuba diving, hand gliding, sky diving, deep-sea diving.

    8. Breach of law: (Code- Excl10)

        Expenses for treatment directly arising from or consequent upon any Insured Person committing or attempting to
        commit a breach of law with criminal intent.

19  CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
9. Excluded Providers: (Code- Excl11)

    Expenses incurred towards treatment in any hospital or by any Medical Practitioner or any other provider
    specifically excluded by the Insurer and disclosed in its website / notified to the policyholders are not admissible.
    However, in case of life threatening situations or following an accident, expenses up to the stage of stabilization
    are payable but not the complete claim.

    NOTE:

    Refer Annexure ­ III of the Policy Terms & Conditions for list of excluded hospitals.

10. Treatment for Alcoholism, drug or substance abuse or any addictive condition and consequences there of.: (Code-
    Excl12)

11. Treatments received in heath hydros, nature cure clinics, spas or similar establishments or private beds registered
    as a nursing home attached to such establishments or where admission is arranged wholly or partly for domestic
    reasons.: (Code- Excl13)

12. Dietary supplements and substances that can be purchased without prescription, including but not limited to
    Vitamins, minerals and organic substances unless prescribed by a medical practitioner as part of hospitalization
    claim or day care procedure: (Code- Excl14)

13. Refractive Error: (Code- Excl15)

    Expenses related to the treatment for correction of eye sight due to refractive error less than 7.5 dioptres.

14. Unproven Treatments: (Code- Excl16 )

    Expenses related to any unproven treatment, services and supplies for or in connection with any treatment.
    Unproven treatments are treatments, procedures or supplies that lack significant medical documentation to
    support their effectiveness.

15. Sterility and Infertility: (Code- Excl17)

    Expenses related to sterility and infertility. This includes:

    (i) Any type of contraception, sterilization

    (ii) Assisted Reproduction services including artificial insemination and advanced reproductive technologies
              such as IVF, ZIFT, GIFT, ICSI

    (iii) Gestational Surrogacy

    (iv) Reversal of sterilization

16. Maternity: (Code Excl18)

    a. Medical treatment expenses traceable to childbirth (including complicated deliveries and caesarean sections
         incurred during hospitalization) except ectopic pregnancy;

    b. Expenses towards miscarriage (unless due to an accident) and lawful medical termination of pregnancy
         during the policy period.

17. Treatment taken from anyone who is not a Medical Practitioner or from a Medical Practitioner who is practicing
    outside the discipline for which he is licensed or any kind of self-medication.

18. Charges incurred in connection with routine eye examinations and ear examinations, dentures, artificial teeth and
    all other similar external appliances and / or devices whether for diagnosis or treatment.

19. Any expenses incurred on external prosthesis, corrective devices, external durable medical equipment of any
    kind, like wheelchairs, walkers, glucometer, crutches, ambulatory devices, instruments used in treatment of sleep
    apnea syndrome and oxygen concentrator for asthmatic condition, cost of cochlear implants and related surgery.

20. Treatment of any external Congenital Anomaly, Illness or defects or anomalies or treatment relating to external
    birth defects.

21. Treatment of mental retardation, arrested or incomplete development of mind of a person, subnormal intelligence
    or mental intellectual disability.

22. Circumcision unless necessary for treatment of an Illness or as may be necessitated due to an Accident.

CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526  20
    23. All preventive care (except eligible and entitled for Benefits ­ 12: Annual Health Check-up and Optional Benefit
        16: Advance Annual Health Check-up) , Vaccination (except eligible and entitled for Benefit ­ 13: Vaccination
        Cover, ), including Inoculation and Immunizations (except in case of post-bite treatment) and tonics.

    24. Expenses incurred for Artificial life maintenance, including life support machine use, post confirmation of
        vegetative state by treating medical practitioner where such treatment will not result in recovery or restoration of
        the previous state of health under any circumstances.

    25. All expenses related to donor treatment including surgery to remove organs from the donor, in case of transplant
        surgery (This exclusion is only applicable for Care Plan 1).

    26. Non-Allopathic Treatment or treatment related to any unrecognized systems of medicine.

    27. War (whether declared or not) and war like occurrence or invasion, acts of foreign enemies, hostilities, civil war,
        rebellion, revolutions, insurrections, mutiny, military or usurped power, seizure, capture, arrest, restraints and
        detainment of all kinds.

    28. Act of self-destruction or self-inflicted Injury, attempted suicide or suicide while sane or insane

    29. Any Illness or Injury attributable to consumption, use, misuse or abuse of tobacco, intoxicating drugs, alcohol or
        hallucinogens, smoking.

    30. Any charges incurred to procure documents related to treatment or Illness pertaining to any period of
        Hospitalization or Illness.

    31. Personal comfort and convenience items or services including but not limited to T.V. (wherever specifically
        charged separately), charges for access to cosmetics, hygiene articles, body care products and bath additives, as
        well as similar incidental services and supplies.

    32. Expenses related to any kind of RMO charges, Service charge, Surcharge, night charges levied by the hospital
        under whatever head.

    33. Nuclear, chemical or biological attack or weapons, contributed to, caused by, resulting from or from any other
        cause or event contributing concurrently or in any other sequence to the loss, claim or expense. For the purpose
        of this exclusion:

        a. Nuclear attack or weapons means the use of any nuclear weapon or device or waste or combustion of nuclear
             fuel or the emission, discharge, dispersal, release or escape of fissile/ fusion material emitting a level of
             radioactivity capable of causing any Illness, incapacitating disablement or death.

        b. Chemical attack or weapons means the emission, discharge, dispersal, release or escape of any solid, liquid or
             gaseous chemical compound which, when suitably distributed, is capable of causing any Illness,
             incapacitating disablement or death.

        c. Biological attack or weapons means the emission, discharge, dispersal, release or escape of any pathogenic
             (disease producing) micro-organisms and/or biologically produced toxins (including genetically modified
             organisms and chemically synthesized toxins) which are capable of causing any Illness, incapacitating
             disablement or death.

    34. Impairment of an Insured Person's intellectual faculties by abuse of stimulants or depressants unless prescribed
        by a medical practitioner.

    35. Alopecia wigs and/or toupee and all hair or hair fall treatment and products.

    36. Any treatment taken in a clinic, rest home, convalescent home for the addicted, detoxification center, sanatorium,
        home for the aged, remodeling clinic or similar institutions.

    37. Taking part or is supposed to participate in a naval, military, air force operation or aviation in a professional or
        semi-professional nature.

    38. Remicade, Avastin or similar injectable treatment which is undergone other than as a part of In-Patient Care
        Hospitalisation or Day Care Hospitalisation is excluded.

    39. Any treatment or part of treatment or any expenses incurred under this Policy that is not reasonable and
        customary and/or not medically necessary.

        Note:

21  CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
In addition to the foregoing, any loss, claim or expense of whatsoever nature directly or indirectly arising out of,
contributed to, caused by, resulting from, or in connection with any action taken in controlling, preventing,
suppressing, minimizing or in any way relating to the above Permanent Exclusions shall also be excluded.

(i) Additional Exclusions Applicable To `Travel Plus' (Optional Cover 2):

    Any Claim in respect of any Insured Person for, arising out of or directly or indirectly due to any of the following
    shall not be admissible under this Optional Cover unless expressly stated to the contrary elsewhere in the Policy:

    1) Medical treatment taken outside the Country of Residence if that is the sole reason or one of the reasons for
         the journey.

    2) Any treatment, which could reasonably be delayed until the Insured Person's return to the Country of
         Residence.

    3) Any treatment of orthopedic diseases or conditions except for fractures, dislocations and / or Injuries suffered
         during the Policy Period.

    4) Degenerative or oncological (Cancer) diseases.

    5) Rest or recuperation at a spa or health resort, sanatorium, convalescence home or similar institution.

    6) Any expenses related to services, including Physiotherapy, provided by Chiropractitioner; and the expenses
         on prostheses / prosthetics (artificial limbs).

    7) Traveling against the advice of a Medical Practitioner; or receiving, or is supposed to receive, medical
         treatment; or having received terminal prognosis for a medical condition; Or taking part or is supposed to
         participate in war like or peace keeping operation.

(ii) Additional Exclusions applicable to `Loss of Checked-in Baggage' under `Travel Plus' (Optional Cover 2):

    Any Claim in respect of the Insured Person for, arising out of or directly or indirectly due to any of the following
    shall not be admissible under this Optional Cover unless expressly stated to the contrary elsewhere in the Policy:

    1) Any partial loss or damage of any items contained in the Checked-In Baggage.

    2) Any loss arising from any delay, detention, confiscation by customs officials or other public authorities.

    3) Any loss due to damage to the Checked-In Baggage.

    4) Any loss of the Checked-In Baggage sent in advance or shipped separately.

    5) Valuables (Valuables shall mean and include photographic, audio, video, painting, computer and any other
         electronic equipment, telecommunications and electrical equipment, telescopes, binoculars, antiques,
         watches, jewelry and gems, furs and articles made of precious stones and metals).

(iii)Additional Exclusions applicable to `PersonalAccident'(Optional Cover 9):

    Any Claim in respect of any Insured Person for, arising out of or directly or indirectly due to any of the following
    shall not be admissible, unless expressly stated to the contrary elsewhere in the Policy terms and conditions:

    1) Any pre-existing injury or physical condition;

    2) The Insured Person operating or learning to operate any aircraft or performing duties as a member of a crew
         on any aircraft or Scheduled Airline or any airline personnel;

    3) The Insured Person flying in an aircraft other than as a fare paying passenger in a Scheduled Airline;

    4) Participation in actual or attempted felony, riots, civil commotion or criminal misdemeanour;

    5) The Insured Person engaging in sporting activities in so far as they involve the training for or participation in
         competitions of professional sports;

    6) The Insured Person serving in any branch of the military, navy or air-force or any branch of armed Forces or
         any paramilitary forces;

    7) The Insured Person working in or with mines, tunnelling or explosives or involving electrical installation
         with high tension supply or conveyance testing or oil rigs work or ship crew services or as jockeys or circus
         personnel or aerial photography or engaged in Hazardous Activities;

CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526  22
                  8) Impairment of the Insured Person's intellectual faculties by abuse of stimulants or depressants or by the
                       illegal use of any solid, liquid or gaseous substance.

                  9) Persons whilst working with in activities like racing on wheels or horseback, winter sports, canoeing
                       involving white water rapids, any bodily contact sport.

                  10) Treatments rendered by a Doctor who shares the same residence as an Insured Person or who is a member of
                       an Insured Person's family.

                  11) Any change of profession after inception of the Policy which results in the enhancement of Our risk, if not
                       accepted and endorsed by Us on the schedule of Policy Schedule.

              (iv) Additional exclusion for Benefits / Optional Covers, which are applicable `outside India':

                  Under the Benefits `Care Anywhere', `Global Coverage (excluding USA)', Optional Covers `Global Coverage ­
                  Total' and `Worldwide In-Patient Cover (for Emergency)' of Optional Cover `Travel Plus', `Pre-Hospitalization'
                  and `Post-Hospitalization' expenses are not covered as a part of those respective Benefits / Optional Covers.

5. PORTABILITY & MIGRATION

         Portability:

         The insured person will have the option to port the policy to other insurers by applying to such insurer to port the entire
         policy along with all the members of the family, if any, at least 30 days before, but not earlier than 60 days from the policy
         renewal date as per IRDAI guidelines related to portability. lf such person is presently covered and has been continuously
         covered without any lapses under any health insurance policy with an Indian General/Health insurer, the proposed
         insured person will get the accrued continuity benefits as per IRDAI guidelines on portability.

         Migration:

         The insured person will have the option to migrate the policy to other health insurance products/plans offered by the
         company by applying for migration of the policy atleast 30 days before the policy renewal date as per IRDAI guidelines
         on Migration. lf such person is presently covered and has been continuously covered without any lapses under any health
         insurance product/plan offered by the company, the insured person will get the accrued continuity benefits as per IRDAI
         guidelines on migration

6. CLAIMS PROCEDURE AND MANAGEMENT

         This section explains you about procedures involved to file a valid Claim and related processes involving us to manage
         the Claim. All the procedures and processes such as pre-requisite for filing an admissible Claim, Duties of a Claimant,
         Documents to be submitted for filing a valid Claim, Claim Settlement Facilities, You intimating the Claim to us,
         Progressive order for Assessment of Claims by us, settlement of payable Claim Amount by us to you (in case of
         Reimbursement Facility) and/or Hospital (in case of Cashless Facility) and related terms of Payment, are explained
         herein.

6.1. Pre-requisite for admissibility of a Claim:

         Any claim being made by you or your attendant during Hospitalization on your behalf, should mandatorily comply
         with the following conditions and in case of non-compliance of any kind, we shall not be bound to accept the Claim:

         (i) The Condition Precedent Clause has to be fulfilled.

         (ii) The health damage caused, medical expenses incurred, subsequently the Claim being made, should be with
                  respect to the Insured Person only. We will not be liable to indemnify you for any loss other than the covered
                  benefits and any other person who is not accepted by us as an Insured Person except for a Nominee.

         (iii) The holding Insurance Policy should be in force at the event of the Claim. All the Policy Conditions, wait
                  periods and exclusions are to be fulfilled including the realization of Premium Clause by their respective due
                  dates.

         (iv) The Claimant should not be a minor or of unsound mind or on drug administration or influenced by any
                  means of coercion and to exploit us while making the Claim.

         (v) All the required and supportive Claim related documents are to be furnished within the stipulated timelines.
                  We may call for additional documents wherever required.

6.2. Claim settlement - Facilities:

23  CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
(a) Cashless Facility:

         We extend Cashless Facility as a mode to indemnify the medical expenses incurred by you at a Network
         Provider. For this purpose, you will be issued a "Health card" at the time of first Policy purchase, which has
         to be preserved and produced at any of Network Provider in the event of Claim being made, to avail Cashless
         Facility. The following is the process for availing Cashless Facility:-

         (i) Submission of Pre-authorization Form: A Pre-authorization form as prescribed by IRDAI, which is
                  available on our Website or with the Network Provider, has to be duly filled and signed by you and
                  the treating Medical Practitioner, as applicable, which has to be submitted electronically by the
                  Network Provider to us for approval. Only upon due approval from us, Cashless Facility can be
                  availed at any Network Hospital.

         (ii) Identification Documents: The "Health card" provided by us under this Policy, along with one Valid
                  Photo Identification Proof of the Insured Person are to be produced at the Network Provider,
                  photocopies of which shall be forwarded to us for authentication purposes.

                  Valid Photo Identification Proof documents which will be accepted by us are Voter ID card, Driving
                  License, Passport, PAN Card, Aadhar Card or any other identification proof as stated by us.

         (iii) Our Approval: We will confirm in writing, authorization or rejection of the request to avail Cashless
                  Facility for your Hospitalization.

         (iv) Our Authorization:

                  (a) If the request for availing Cashless Facility is authorized by us, then payment for the Medical
                            Expenses incurred in respect of you shall not have to be made to the extent that such Medical
                            Expenses are covered under this Policy and fall within the amount authorized in writing by us
                            for availing Cashless Facility.

                  (b) An Authorization letter will include details of Sanctioned Amount, any specific limitation on
                            the Claim, and any other details specific to you, if any, as applicable.

                  (c) In the event that the cost of Hospitalization exceeds the authorized limit, the Network
                            Provider shall request us for an enhancement of Authorization Limit stating details of specific
                            circumstances which have led to the need for increase in the previously authorized limit. We
                            will verify the eligibility and evaluate the request for enhancement on the availability of
                            further limits.

         (v) Event of Discharge from Hospital: All original bills and evidence of treatment for the Medical
                  Expenses incurred in respect of your Hospitalization and all other information and documentation
                  specified under Clauses 6.4 and 6.5 shall be submitted by the Network Provider immediately and in
                  any event before your discharge from Hospital.

         (vi) Our Rejection: If we do not authorize the Cashless Facility due to insufficient Sum Insured or
                  insufficient information provided to us to determine the admissibility of the Claim, then payment for
                  such treatment will have to be made by you to the Network Provider, following which a Claim for
                  reimbursement may be made to us which shall be considered subject to your Policy limits and
                  relevant conditions. Please note that rejection of a Pre-authorization request is in no way construed as
                  rejection of coverage or treatment. You can proceed with the treatment, settle the hospital bills and
                  submit the claim for a possible reimbursement.

         (vii) Network Provider related: We may modify the list of Network Providers or modify or restrict the
                  extent of Cashless Facilities that may be availed at any particular Network Provider. For an updated
                  list of Network Providers and the extent of Cashless Facilities available at each Network Provider,
                  you may refer to the list of Network Providers available on our website or at the call center.

         (viii) Claim Settlement: For Claim settlement under Cashless Facility, the payment shall be made to the
                  Network Provider whose discharge would be complete and final.

         (ix) Claims incurred outside India: Our Assistance Service Provider should be intimated for availing
                  Cashless Facility outside India under Benefit 11 (Global coverage (excluding USA), Benefit 14 (Care
                  Anywhere), Benefit 17 (Global Plus), Optional Cover 1 (Global coverage ­ Total), Optional Cover 2
                  (Travel Plus) and Optional Cover 11 (International Second Opinion).

(b) Re-imbursement Facility:

CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526  24
                  (i) It is agreed and understood that in all cases where intimation of a Claim has been provided under
                            Reimbursement Facility and/or We specifically state that a particular Benefit is payable only under
                            Reimbursement Facility, all the information and documentation specified in Clauses 6.4 and 6.5, shall
                            be submitted to us at Your own expense, immediately and in any event within 15 days of your
                            discharge from Hospital.

                  (ii) We shall give an acknowledgement of collected documents. However, in case of any delayed
                            submission, we may examine and relax the time limits mentioned upon the merits of the case.

                  (iii) In case a reimbursement claim is received after a Pre-Authorization letter has been issued for the
                            same case earlier, before processing such claim, a check will be made with the Network Provider
                            whether the Pre-authorization has been utilized. Once such check and declaration is received from the
                            Network Provider, the case will be processed.

                  (iv) For Claim settlement under reimbursement, we will pay the Policyholder. In the event of death of the
                            Policyholder, we will pay the nominee and in case of no nominee, to the legal heirs or legal
                            representatives of the Policyholder whose discharge shall be treated as full and final discharge of our
                            liability under the Policy.

6.3. Duties of a Claimant/ Insured Person in the event of Claim:

         (a) It is agreed and understood that as a Condition Precedent for a Claim to be considered under this Policy:

                  (i) You shall check the updated list of Network Provider before submission of a pre-authorization request
                            for Cashless Facility.

                  (ii) All reasonable steps and measures must be taken to avoid or minimize the quantum of any Claim that
                            may be made under this Policy.

                  (iii) Intimation of the Claim, notification of the Claim and submission or provision of all information and
                            documentation shall be made promptly and in any event in accordance with the procedures and within
                            the timeframes specified in Clause 6 (Claims Procedure and Management) of the Policy.

                  (iv) The Insured Person will, at our request, submit himself / herself for a medical examination by our
                            nominated Medical Practitioner as often as we consider reasonable and necessary. The cost of such
                            examination will be borne by us.

                  (v) Our Medical Practitioner and representatives shall be given access and co-operation to inspect your
                            medical and Hospitalization records and to investigate the facts and examine you.

                  (vi) We shall be provided with complete necessary documentation and information which we have
                            requested to establish our liability for the Claim, its circumstances and its quantum.

6.4. Claims Intimation:

         Upon the occurrence of any Illness or Injury that may give rise to a Claim under this Policy, then as a Condition
         Precedent to our liability under the Policy, all of the following shall be undertaken:

         (i) If any Illness is diagnosed or discovered or any Injury is suffered or any other contingency occurs which has
                  resulted in a Claim or may result in a Claim under the Policy, we shall be notified with full particulars within
                  48 hours from the date of occurrence of event either at Our call center or in writing.

         (ii) Claim must be filed within 15 days from the date of discharge from the hospital.

                  Note:

                  6.4 (i) and 6.4 (ii) are precedent to admission of liability under the policy.

         (iii) The following details are to be disclosed to us at the time of intimation of Claim:

                  1. Policy Number;

                  2. Name of the Policyholder;

                  3. Name of the Insured Person in respect of whom the Claim is being made;

                  4. Nature of Illness or Injury;

                  5. Name and address of the attending Medical Practitioner and Hospital;

25  CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
                  6. Date of admission to Hospital or proposed date of admission to Hospital for planned Hospitalization;
                  7. Any other necessary information, documentation or details requested by us.
         (iv) In case of an Emergency Hospitalization, We shall be notified either at the Our call center or in writing
                  immediately and in any event within 48 hours of Hospitalization commencing or before the Insured Person's
                  discharge from Hospital.
6.5. Documents to be submitted for registration of Claim:
         (a) The following information and documentation shall be submitted in accordance with the procedures and
                  within the timeframes specified in Clause 6 in respect of all Claims and claim will be registered only on
                  submission of below documents. The date of submission of such information shall be deemed as date of claim
                  registration for the purpose of claim processing:
                  (i) Duly filled and signed Claim form by the Insured Person;
                  (ii) Copy of Photo ID and address proof of Insured Person;
                  (iii) Medical Practitioner's first consultation paper and referral letter advising Hospitalization;
                  (iv) Medical Practitioner's prescription advising drugs or diagnostic tests or consultations;
                  (v) Original numbered bills/ receipts and discharge summary from the Hospital/Medical Practitioner;
                  (vi) Original numbered bills from licensed pharmacy/chemists;
                  (vii) Original pathological/diagnostic test reports/radiology reports and payment receipts;
                  (viii) Operation Theatre Notes;
                  (ix) Emergency Notes, Initial Assessment Sheet and Indoor case papers;
                  (x) Original investigation test reports and payment receipts supported by Doctor's reference slip;
                  (xi) Ambulance Receipt;
                  (xii) MLC/FIR report, Post Mortem Report if applicable and conducted;
                  (xiii) Any other document as required by us to assess the Claim.
                  Note:
                  We may give a waiver to one or few of the above or below mentioned documents depending upon the case.
         (b) Additional Documents to be submitted for any Claim under `Loss of Passport' which is a part of `Travel Plus'
                  (Optional Cover 2) :
                  It is a condition precedent to Our liability under this Benefit that the following information and
                  documentation shall be submitted to Us or the Assistance Service Provider immediately and in any event
                  within 30 days of the event giving rise to the Claim under this Benefit:
                  (i) Copy of the police report
                  (ii) Details of the attempts made to trace the passport;
                  (iii) Statement of claim for the expenses incurred;
                  (iv) Original receipt for payment of charges to the authorities for obtaining a new or duplicate passport.
         (c) Additional Documents to be submitted for any Claim under `Loss of Checked-in Baggage' which is a part of
                  `Travel Plus' (Optional Cover 2) :
                  It is a condition precedent to Our liability under this Benefit that the following information and
                  documentation shall be submitted to Us or the Assistance Service Provider immediately and in any event
                  within 30 days of the event giving rise to the Claim under this Benefit:
                  (i) Property irregularity report issued by the appropriate authority.
                  (ii) Voucher of the Common Carrier for the compensation paid for the non-delivery / short delivery of the

                            Checked-In Baggage.

CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526  26
                  (iii) Copies of correspondence exchanged, if any, with the Common Carrier in connection with the non-
                            delivery / short delivery of the Checked-In Baggage

         (d) Additional Documents to be submitted for any Claim under `Repatriation of the mortal remains' which is a
                  part of `Travel Plus' (Optional Cover 2) :

                  It is a condition precedent to Our liability under this Benefit that the following information and documents
                  shall be submitted to Us or the Assistance Service Provider immediately and in any event within 30 days of
                  the event giving rise to the Claim under this Benefit:

                  (i) Copy of the death certificate providing details of the place, date, time, and the circumstances and
                            cause of death;

                  (ii) Copy of the postmortem certificate, if conducted;

                  (iii) Documentary proof for expenses incurred towards disposal of the mortal remains;

                  (iv) In case of transportation of the body of the deceased to the Place of Residence, the receipt for
                            expenses incurred towards preparation and packing of the mortal remains of the deceased and also for
                            the transportation of the mortal remains of the deceased.

         (e) Additional Documents to be submitted for any Claim under `Medical Evacuation' which is a part of `Travel
                  Plus' (Optional Cover 2) :

                  (i) It is a condition precedent to Our liability under this Benefit that the following information and
                            documentation shall be submitted to Us or the Assistance Service Provider immediately and in any
                            event within 30 days of the event giving rise to the Claim under this Benefit:

                  (ii) Medical reports and transportation details issued by the evacuation agency, prescriptions and medical
                            report by the attending Medical Practitioner furnishing the name of the Insured Person and details of
                            treatment rendered along with the statement confirm the necessity of evacuation.

                  (iii) Documentary proof for expenses incurred towards the Medical Evacuation.

         (f) Additional Documents to be submitted for any Claim under `AirAmbulance Cover'(Optional Cover 14) :

                  (i) It is a condition precedent to Our liability under this Optional Cover that the following information
                            and documentation shall be submitted to Us or the Assistance Service Provider immediately and in
                            any event within 30 days of the event giving rise to the Claim under this Benefit:

                  (ii) Medical reports and transportation details issued by the air ambulance service provider, prescriptions
                            and medical report by the attending Medical Practitioner furnishing the name of the Insured Person
                            and details of treatment rendered along with the statement confirm the necessity of air ambulance
                            services.

                  (iii) Documentary proof for expenses incurred towards availing Air Ambulance services.

         (g) We will accept bills/invoices which are made in the Insured Person's name only.

                  However, claims filed even beyond the timelines mentioned above should be considered if there are valid
                  reasons for any delay.

6.6. Claim Assessment:

         (a) We shall scrutinize the Claim and supportive documents, once received. In case of any deficiency, we may
                  call for any additional documents or information as required, based on the circumstances of the Claim.

         (b) All admissible Claims under this Policy shall be assessed by us in the following progressive order:

                  (i) If a Room accommodation has been opted for where the Room Rent or Room Category is higher than
                            your eligible limit, then the Associate Medical Expenses payable shall be pro-rated as per the
                            applicable limits.

                            `Associate Medical Expenses' means those Medical Expenses as listed below which vary in
                            accordance with the Room Rent or Room Category in a Hospital:

                            I. Room, boarding, nursing and Operation theatre expenses as charged by the Hospital where the
                                     Insured Person availed medical treatment;

27  CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
                            II. Fees charged by surgeon, anesthetist, Medical Practitioner;

                            Note:

                            Associate Medical Expenses are not applied in respect of the hospitals which do not follow
                            differential billing or for those expenses in respect of which differential billing is not adopted based
                            on the room category.

                  (ii) The Deductible (if applicable) shall be applied to the aggregate of all Claims that are either paid or
                            payable under this Policy. Our liability to make payment shall commence only once the aggregate
                            amount of all Claims payable or paid exceed the Deductible where the Claim amount is within the
                            Deductible, we will not apply the Contribution Clause. Similarly, if `Deductible per claim' is
                            applicable, our liability to make payment shall commence only once the `Deductible per claim' limit
                            is exceeded and we will not apply the Contribution Clause.

                  (iii) Co-payment shall be applicable on the amount payable by us.

         (c) The Claim amount assessed in Clause 6.6 (b) above would be deducted from the following amounts in the
                  following progressive order:

                  (i) Base Sum Insured;

                  (ii) Additional Sum Insured for Accidental Hospitalization (if applicable);

                  (iii) No Claims Bonus (if applicable);

                  (iv) Loyalty Bonus (if applicable)

                  (v) No Claims Bonus Super (if applicable);

                  (vi) Automatic Recharge (if applicable);

                  (vii) Unlimited Automatic Recharge (if applicable).

         (d) All claims incurred in India are dealt by Us directly.

6.7. Payment Terms:

         (a) All payments under this Policy shall be made in Indian Rupees and within India.

         (b) We shall have no liability to make payment of a Claim under the Policy in respect of you during the Policy
                  Period, once your Total Sum Insured is exhausted.

         (c) We shall settle any Claim within 15 days of intimation on receipt of all the necessary documents/ information
                  as required for settlement of such Claim and sought by us. We shall provide you an offer of settlement of
                  Claim and upon acceptance of such offer by you, we shall make payment within 7 days from the date of
                  receipt of such acceptance.

         (d) The Claim shall be paid only for the Policy Year in which the Insured event which gives rise to a Claim under
                  this Policy occurs

         (e) The Premium for the policy will remain the same for the policy period mentioned in the Policy Schedule.

         (f) The Policy covers Reasonable and Customary Charges incurred towards medical treatment taken or any other
                  expenses triggers under any Benefit during the Policy Period.

         (g) Under this Policy, the Company's total, cumulative, maximum liability during the Policy Year is maximum up
                  to the Sum Insured unless any additional Sum Insured available or accrued under any Benefit.

         (h) For diseases or conditions or procedure that have a specified sub-limit then all related expenses shall be
                  covered up to the sub-limit specified for that disease or condition or procedure. In case there is a specified
                  sub-limit then the Company's total, cumulative, maximum liability during the Policy Year is maximum up to
                  the specified sub-limit subject to the available Sum Insured in the Policy Year.

                  For example- if the Policy specifies a sub-limit of Rs. 50,000 for a particular disease then all expenses related
                  to the treatment of that disease (including but not limited to pre-hospitalization, hospitalization and post-
                  hospitalization) will be covered up to Rs. 50,000, subject to Sum Insured availability in the Policy Year even
                  if the overall Sum Insured is higher.

CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526  28
7. SALIENT FEATURES

7.1. Policy Term

         The Policy term can be one, two or three years.

7.2. Premium

         The premium charged under the Policy depends upon the Plan opted, Sum Insured, Co-payment, Deductible chosen,
         Age band, cover type (individual / floater), number of Insured persons in the Policy, Policy Term, optional cover(s)
         opted and the health status of the individual.

         For premium calculation of floater policies, age of eldest Insured Person would be considered.

         The premium rates for the plans offered are annexed hereto with the prospectus.

7.3. Underwriting Loading

         Based on the Underwriter's assessment of the extra risk on account of medical conditions of the proposed to be
         insured, the premium (at the time of issuance of the policy and subsequent renewals) may get loaded. Such extra
         premium shall be communicated to the Policyholder for their consent before issuance of the Policy. Loading will not
         exceed 100% of Premium (all the applicable loadings are additive in nature). Criteria for such loading are objectively
         mentioned in the Underwriting Manual.

         In case the Policyholder requires further clarification pertaining to Underwriting Loading, he/she may contact Our
         call center or visit any of Our branch.

7.4. Tax Benefit

         The Insured Person can avail tax benefit on the premium paid towards health insurance, under Section 80D of the
         Income Tax Act, 1961, as applicable. (Tax benefits are subject to changes in the tax laws, please consult tax advisor
         for more details).

7.5. Free Look Period

         The Free Look Period shall be applicable on new individual health insurance policies and not on renewals or at the
         time of porting/migrating the policy.

         The insured person shall be allowed free look period of 30 days from date of receipt of the policy document to review
         the terms and conditions of the policy, and to return the same if not acceptable.

         If the insured has not made any claim during the Free Look Period, the insured shall be entitled to

         a. A refund of the premium paid less any expenses incurred by the Company on medical examination of the insured
              person and the stamp duty charges or

         b. Where the risk has already commenced and the option of return of the policy is exercised by the insured person, a
              deduction towards the proportionate risk premium for period of cover or

         c. Where only a part of the insurance coverage has commenced, such proportionate premium commensurate with
              the insurance coverage during such period;

7.6. Renewal of Policy

         The policy shall ordinarily be renewable except on grounds of established fraud or non-disclosure or
         misrepresentation by the insured person.

         (a) Renewal shall not be denied on the ground that the insured person had made a claim or claims in
                  the preceding policy years.

         (b) Request for renewal along with requisite premium shall be received by the Company before the end of the
                  policy period.

         (c) At the end of the policy period, the policy shall terminate and can be renewed within the Grace Period of 30
                  days to maintain continuity of benefits without break in policy. Coverage is not available during the grace
                  period

         (d) No loading shall apply on renewals based on individual claims experience.

7.7. Premium Payment Installment

29  CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
         lf the insured person has opted for Payment of Premium on an installment basis i.e. Half Yearly or Quarterly or
         Monthly, as mentioned in the policy Schedule/Certificate of Insurance, the following Conditions shall apply
         (notwithstanding any terms contrary elsewhere in the policy)

         1. Grace Period of fifteen days where premium payment mode is monthly and thirty days in all other cases
                  would be given to pay the installment premium due for the policy.

         2. During such grace period, coverage shall be available, if the premium is paid in instalments during the policy
                  period.

         3. The insured person will get the accrued continuity benefit in respect of the Waiting Periods, Specific Waiting
                  Periods, Sum Insured, No Claim Bonus, Moratorium Period etc. in the event of payment of premium within the
                  stipulated grace Period

         4. No interest will be charged lf the installment premium is not paid on due date.

         5. In case of installment premium due not received within the grace period, the policy will get cancelled

         6. In the event of a claim, all subsequent premium installments shall immediately become due and payable.
                  (This clause will not apply to claims arising under `Annual Health Check-up', `Second
                  Opinion', `Vaccination Cover' , `Advance Annual Health Check-up' ,`Be-fit Benefit' and `International
                  Second Opinion' benefits)

         7. The company has the right to recover and deduct all the pending installments from the claim amount due
                  under the policy.

         Note:

         Tenure Discount will not be applicable if the Insured Person has opted for Premium Payment in Installments.

7.8. Cancellation / Termination

         (a) The policyholder may cancel this policy by giving 7 days' written notice and in such an event, the Company shall
                  refund proportionate premium for the unexpired policy period.

         (b) Notwithstanding anything contained herein or otherwise, no refunds of premium shall be made in respect of
                  Cancellation where, any claim has been admitted or has been lodged or any benefit has been availed by the
                  Insured person under the Policy.

         (c) If the risk under the Policy has already commenced, or only a part of the insurance coverage has commenced, and
                  the option of Policy cancellation is exercised by the Policyholder, then the expenses such as pre- policy medical
                  examination etc. incurred by the Company will also be deducted before refunding of premium.

         (d) The Company may cancel the Policy at any time on grounds of mis-representations, non-disclosure of material
                  facts, fraud by the Insured Person, by giving 15 days' written notice. There would be no refund of premium on
                  cancellation on grounds of mis-representations, non-disclosure of material facts or fraud.

         Notes:

         In case of demise of the Policyholder,

         (i) Where the Policy covers only the Policyholder, this Policy shall stand null and void from the date and time of
                  demise of the Policyholder and the Company shall refund proportionate premium for unexpired Policy Period
                  subject to no claim has been admitted or has been lodged or any benefit has been availed by the Insured person
                  under the Policy.

         (ii) Where the Policy covers other Insured Persons, this Policy shall continue till the end of Policy Period for the other
                  Insured Persons. If the other Insured Persons wish to continue with the same Policy, we will renew the Policy
                  subject to the appointment of a policyholder provided that:

                  1) Written notice in this regard is given to us before the Policy Period End Date; and

                  2) A person of Age 18 years or above, who satisfies our criteria applies to become the Policyholder.

         In case Premium Installment mode is opted for, then

         (i) If Policyholder cancels the Policy after the Free look period or demise of Policyholder where he/she is the only
                  insured in the Policy, then the Company will refund the installment premium for the unexpired installment period,
                  provided no Claim has been made under the Policy

CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526  30
7.9. Multiple Policies

         a. In case of multiple policies taken by an insured during a period from the same or one or more insurers to
                  indemnify treatment costs, the insured person shall have the right to require a settlement of his/her claim in terms
                  of any of his/her policies. In all such cases the insurer chosen by the insured person shall be obliged to settle the
                  claim as long as the claim is within the limits of and according to the terms of the chosen policy.

         b. Insured person having multiple policies shall also have the right to prefer claims under this policy for the
                  amounts disallowed under any other policy/ policies, even if the sum insured is not exhausted. Then the Insurer
                  shall independently settle the claim subject to the terms and conditions of this policy.

         c. If the amount to be claimed exceeds the sum insured under a single policy, the insured person shall have the right
                  to choose insurers from whom he/she wants to claim the balance amount.

         d. Where an insured has policies from more than one insurer to cover the same risk on indemnity basis, the insured
                  shall only be indemnified the treatment costs in accordance with the terms and conditions of the chosen policy.

7.10. Claim Settlement (provision for Penal Interest)

         i. The Company shall settle or reject a claim, as the case may be, within 15 days from the date of intimation
                  on receipt of last necessary document.

         ii. In the case of delay in the payment of a claim, the Company shall be liable to pay interest from the date of
                  intimation to the date of payment of claim at a rate 2% above the bank rate .

         iii. However, where the circumstances of a claim warrant an investigation in the opinion of the Company, it shall
                  initiate and complete such investigation at the earliest in any case not later than 15 days from the date of
                  intimation on receipt of last necessary document. In such cases, the Company shall settle the claim within 45
                  days from the date of intimation on receipt of last necessary document.

         iv. In case of delay beyond stipulated 45 days the company shall be liable to pay interest at a rate 2% above the bank
                  rate from the date of intimation to the date of payment of claim.

         Bank rate shall mean the rate fixed by the Reserve Bank of lndia (RBl) at the beginning of the financial year in which
         claim has fallen due

7.11. Withdrawal of Policy

         i. In the likelihood of this product being withdrawn in future, the Company will intimate the insured person about
                  the same 90 days prior to expiry of the policy.

         ii. Insured Person will have a one-time option to renew the existing product, if renewal falls within the 90 days from
                  the date of withdrawal of the product or option to migrate to similar health insurance product available with the
                  Company at the time of renewal with all the accrued continuity benefits such as cumulative bonus, waiver of
                  waiting period, as per IRDAI guidelines, provided the policy has been maintained without a break.

7.12. Possibility of Revision of Terms of the Policy Including the Premium Rates

         The Company may revise or modify the terms of the policy including the premium rates. The insured person shall
         be notified before the changes are affected.

7.13. Grievances

         In case of any grievance the insured person may contact the company through

         Website/ link : https://www.careinsurance.com/contact-us.html

         Toll free (whats app) : 8860402452

         Moble App : Care health ­ Customer App

         Courier: Any of Company's Branch Office or corporate office

         Insured person may also approach the grievance cell at any of the company's branches with the details of grievance.

         If Insured person is not satisfied with the redressal of grievance through one of the above methods, insured person may
         contact the grievance officer at Branch Office or Corporate Office. For updated details of grievance officer, kindly refer

         the link: https://www.careinsurance.com/customer-grievance-redressal.html

31  CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
         If Insured person is not satisfied with the redressal of grievance through above methods, the insured person may also
         approach the office of Insurance Ombudsman of the respective area/region for redressal of grievance as per Insurance
         Ombudsman Rules 2017.

         Grievance may also be lodged at IRDAI lntegrated Grievance Management System - https://bimabharosa.
         irdai.qov. in/

         Note:

         The Contact details of the Insurance Ombudsman offices have been provided as Annexure VII.

8. PRE-POLICY ISSUANCE MEDICAL CHECK-UP

         We may ask the Insured Person to undergo requisite pre-policy Medical Check-up based on the plan, age and the
         Sum Insured selected. The result of these tests shall be valid for a period of 3 months from the date of tests.

         You will be required to undergo Pre-Policy Medical Check-up with respect to the grid mentioned below. The cost of the
         medical tests would be borne by Us in case You opt for a 2 year or 3 year tenure and Your proposal is accepted. We shall
         bear 50% of the cost of medical tests in case You opt for a 1 year tenure and Your proposal is accepted.

         Also, wherever any Pre-Existing Disease or any other adverse medical history is declared for any member, We may ask
         such Insured Person to undergo tele- underwriting which may include specific tests, as We may deem fit to evaluate such
         member, irrespective of the member's age. We shall bear the cost of such medical tests if Your proposal is accepted.

         The test is to be taken as per the corresponding grid:

Age/Sum Insured                  Below 15 Lacs 15 Lacs to 25 Lacs Above 25 Lacs to <50 Lacs 50 Lacs to < 100 Lacs
Up to 17 years
18 to 24 years                   No Medical Tests if no Pre-Existing declared.           No Medical UW
25 to 45 years
46 to 50 Years                                                                           if no Pre-Existing
51 Years to 60 Years                                                                     declared
61 Years to 65 years
66 Years and above               Tele UW                                                 Tele UW

                                 Tele UW            Tele UW (UW decision for Medicals ­  Tele UW
                                                                                         (UW decision for
                                 (UW decision for Set 2)                                 Medicals ­ Set 3)

                                 Medicals ­ Set 1)

Age/Sum Insured                  100 Lacs and above
Up to 17 years
18 to 24 years                   No Medical Tests/No tele if no Pre-Existing declared
25 to 45 years
46 to 50 Years                   Tele followed by Set 4
51 Years to 60 Years             Tele followed by Set 4
61 Years to 65 years

CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526                                                                                    32
The Pre-policy Issuance Medical check-up test grid is as follows:

    Category          Medical Tests

    Set 1             MER, CBC &ESR, FBS / HbA1c, T.Cholesterol, ECG, SGPT, S. Creatinine

    Set 2             MER, CBC, HbA1c, Lipids, LFT with GGT, RUA, TMT, HBsAg, S. Creatinine

    Set 3             MER, CBC, HbA1c, Lipids, LFT with GGT, RUA, Stress Echo, HBsAg, RFT, USG abd/pelvis
                      (M&F), PSA (M)

    Set 4             MER, CBC, HbA1c, Lipids, LFT with GGT, RUA, Stress Echo, HBsAg, RFT, USG (M&F),
                      CEA, PSA (M), PAP (F), Chest - X Ray, PFT, TSH

The explanation of the medical tests mentioned above, are as follows:

    MER               Medical Examination Report
    CBC with ESR      Complete Blood Count with Erythrocyte Sedimentation Rate
    RUA               Routine and Microscopic Urine Analysis
    HbA1C             Glycosylated Hemoglobin
    Lipids            Fasting Lipid Profile
    ECG               Electro Cardio Gram

    SGPT              Serum Glutamic Pyruvic Transaminase
    S. Creatinine     Serum Creatinine
    TMT               Treadmill Test
    LFT               Liver Function Test
    Stress Echo       Stress Echocardiography
    PSA               Prostate Specific Antigen
    HBsAg             Hepatitis B Surface Antigen/Australian Antigen
    PAP               Papnicolaou Test
    USG abd / Pelvis  Ultrasonography abdomen and Pelvis
    TSH               Thyroid Stimulating Hormone
    PFT               Pulmonary Function Test
    CEA               Carcino Embryonic Antigen
    RFT               Renal Function Test
    T.Cholesterol     Total Cholestrol

33                                                                                         CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
9. SCHEDULE OF DISCOUNTS

Sr. No                           Description                                Parameters            Rates
                                                                           No. of persons  Discount
1 Family Discount - This discount shall be applicable on each additional   2 or 3 members  5.00%
      member covered (other than eldest member) in the same Policy having  4 and above     10.00%
      Sum Insured on individual basis.                                     -               Up to 15%

2 Cross Sell / Loyalty Discount (Discount given if you have any            15.00%
      continuing retail policy of CHIL for last 6 months)
                                                                           7.5% - on 2nd year policy term, for 2
3 Discount for Employee and/or their dependents of CHIL, CHIL              year tenure
      promoters                                                            10% - on 3rd year policy term, for 3
                                                                           year tenure
4 Tenure Discount
                                                                           Up to 15%
5 Discount in lieu of Commission
6 Direct discount                                                          Fresh & renewal ­ up to 15%
7 Renewal discount
                                                                           Within 30 days before premium
8 Corporate GMC Policyholder discount                                      payment due date
9 NRI Policyholder Discount                                                ­ 1%
                                                                           Between 30 days to 60 days
                                                                           (inclusive) before premium payment
                                                                           due date ­ 2.5%

                                                                           Up to 10%

                                                                           Up to 15%

Note:

- Any other discount offered, other than mentioned above, is due to product features (e.g. offering deductible under
     Optional Cover ­ 5) or pricing related considerations (e.g. adding additional Insured Person). They are adequately
     explained in the premium rates annexed hereto with the prospectus.

- All discounts mentioned in the Schedule above, are multiplicative in nature, subject to aggregate maximum
     discount (which will not exceed 45% of the Premium).

CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526                                                                                          34
10. SCHEDULE OF BENEFITS

Plan Name Care 1 Care 2 Care 3 Care 4 Care 5 Care 6 Care 7 Care 8 Care 9

Sum           1L          2L          3L \ 4L     5L \ 7L \   15L \ 20L \ 50L \ 60L \ 100L\ 150L 3L \ 4L   5L \ 7L \
                                                  10L \                                                    10L
Insured (SI)              1 Year / 2  1 Year / 2              25L \ 30L \ 75L        \ 200L \
                          Years / 3   Years / 3   1 Year / 2
­ on annual               Years       Years       Years / 3   40L                    300L \
basis (in                                         Years
                                                                                     600L
Rs.)
Tenure        1 Year / 2                                      1 Year / 2 1 Year / 2 1 Year / 2 1 Year / 2 1 Year / 2

              Years / 3                                       Years / 3 Years / 3 Years / 3 Years / 3 Years / 3

              Years                                           Years      Years       Years      Years Years

    Benefits

    Hospitalization Expenses (In-Patient Care & Day Care Treatment)

In-Patient Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI
Care

Day Care Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI
Treatment

Pre-          Pre-        Pre-        Pre-        Pre-        Pre-       Pre-        Pre-       Pre-       Pre-
                          Hospitaliz                                     Hospitaliz
Hospitaliza Hospitaliz    ation for   Hospitaliz Hospitaliza Hospitaliz  ation for   Hospitaliz Hospitaliz Hospitaliz
                          30 days &                                      30 days &
tion          ation for   Post-       ation for tion for 30 ation for    Post-       ation for ation for ation for
                          Hospitaliz                                     Hospitaliz
Medical 30 days &         ation for   30 days & days & 30 days &         ation for   30 days & 30 days & 30 days &
                          60 days;                                       60 days;
Expenses Post-            Maximum     Post-       Post-       Post-      Maximum     Post-      Post- Post-
                          up to SI                                       up to SI
and Post- Hospitaliz                  Hospitaliz Hospitaliza Hospitaliz              Hospitaliz Hospitaliz Hospitaliz

Hospitaliza ation for                 ation for tion for 60 ation for                ation for ation for ation for

tion          60 days;                60 days; days;          60 days;               60 days; 60 days; 60 days;

Medical Maximum                       Maximum Maximum Maximum                        Maximum Maximum Maximum

Expenses up to SI                     up to SI up to SI up to SI                     up to SI up to SI up to SI

Daily         Rs. 250 Rs. 500 Rs. 500 X                       X          X           X          Rs. 500 X

Allowance per day; per day; per day;                                                            per day;

              Max. 5 Max. 5 Max. 5                                                              Max. 5

              days per days per days per                                                        days per

              hospital- hospital- hospital-                                                     hospital-

              ization ization ization                                                           ization

              covered covered covered                                                           covered

Ambulance Up to SI        Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI
Cover

Organ         X           Up to       Up to Rs Up to          Up to      Up to       Up to Up to Up to

Donor                     Rs 50,000 50,000 Rs 1 Lac Rs 2 Lacs Rs 3 Lacs Rs 5 Lacs Rs 50,000 Rs 1 Lacs

Cover

Domicilia X               Up to       Up to       Up to       Up to      Up to       Up to      Up to      Up to
ry                        10% of      10% of      10% of      10% of     10% of      10% of     10% of     10% of
Hospitaliz                SI if       SI if       SI if       SI if      SI if       SI if      SI if      SI if
ation                     domicili-   domicili-   domicili-   domicili-  domicili-   domicili-  domicili-  domicili-
                          ary         ary         ary         ary        ary         ary        ary        ary
                          hospital-   hospital-   hospital-   hospital-  hospital-   hospital-  hospital-  hospital-
                          ization     ization     ization     ization    ization     ization    ization    ization
                          exceeds     exceeds     exceeds     exceeds    exceeds     exceeds    exceeds    exceeds
                          3 days      3 days      3 days      3 days     3 days      3 days     3 days     3 days

Tenure        1 Year / 2 1 Year / 2 1 Year / 2 1 Year / 2 1 Year / 2 1 Year / 2 1 Year / 2 1 Year / 2 1 Year / 2

              Years / 3 Years / 3 Years / 3 Years / 3 Years / 3 Years / 3 Years / 3 Years / 3 Years / 3

              Years       Years       Years       Years       Years      Years       Years      Years Years

35                                                                                              CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
Plan Name Care 1 Care 2 Care 3 Care 4 Care 5 Care 6 Care 7 Care 8 Care 9

Sum           1L                 2L          3L \ 4L 5L \ 7L \ 15L \ 20L \ 50L \ 60L \ 100L \ 3L \ 4L 5L \ 7L \

Insured (SI)                                             10L \       25L \ 30L \ 75L         150L \             10L

­ on annual                                                          40L                     200L \

basis (in                                                                                    300L \

Rs.)                                                                                         600L

Automatic X                      Up to SI    Up to SI    Up to SI    Up to SI    Up to SI    Up to SI    Up to SI Up to SI
Recharge                         (Once in a  (Once in a  (Once in a  (Once in a  (Once in a  (Once in a  (Once in a (Once in a
                                 Policy      Policy      Policy      Policy      Policy      Policy      Policy Policy
                                 Year)       Year)       Year)       Year)       Year)       Year)       Year) Year)
                                 Available   Available   Available   Available   Available   Available   Available Available
                                 for same    for same    for same    for same    for same    for same    for same for same
                                 person      person      person      person      person      person      person person
                                 same        same        same        same        same        same        same same
                                 illness     illness     illness     illness     illness     illness     illness illness
                                 Note:       Note:       Note:       Note:       Note:       Note:       Note: Note:
                                 Anyone      Anyone      Anyone      Anyone      Anyone      Anyone      Anyone Anyone
                                 illness     illness     illness     illness     illness     illness     illness illness
                                 condition   condition   condition   condition   condition   condition   condition condition
                                 is not      is not      is not      is not      is not      is not      is not is not
                                 applicable  applicable  applicable  applicable  applicable  applicable  applicable applicable

Second X                         X           Once per Once per Once per Once per Once per Once per Once per

Opinion                                      Major Major Major Major Major Major Major

                                             Illness / Illness / Illness / Illness / Illness / Illness / Illness /

                                             Injury per Injury per Injury per Injury per Injury per Injury per Injury per

                                             policy year policy year policy year policy year policy year policy year policy year

AYUSH Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI
Treatments

No            X                  10%         10%         10%         10%         10%         10%         10%    10%

Claims                           increase in increase in increase in increase in increase in increase in increase in increase in

Bonus                            SI per      SI per      SI per      SI per      SI per      SI per      SI per SI per

(NCB)                            Policy Year Policy Year Policy Year Policy Year Policy Year Policy Year Policy Year Policy Year

                                 in case of in case of in case of in case of in case of in case of in case of in case of

                                 claim-free claim-free claim-free claim-free claim-free claim-free claim-free claim-free

                                 year; Max year; Max year; Max year; Max year; Max year; Max year; Max year; Max

                                 up to 50% up to 50% up to 50% up to 50% up to 50% up to 50% up to 50% up to 50%

                                 of SI       of SI       of SI       of SI       of SI       of SI       of SI  of SI

                                 (10%        (10%        (10%        (10%        (10%        (10%        (10%   (10%

                                 decrease in decrease in decrease in decrease in decrease in decrease in decrease in decrease in

                                 SI per      SI per      SI per      SI per      SI per      SI per      SI per SI per

                                 Policy Year Policy Year Policy Year Policy Year Policy Year Policy Year Policy Year Policy Year

                                 in case a in case a in case a in case a in case a in case a in case a in case a

                                 claim has claim has claim has claim has claim has claim has claim has claim has

                                 been paid; been paid; been paid; been paid; been paid; been paid; been paid; been paid;

                                 Such        Such        Such        Such        Such        Such        Such   Such

                                 decrease is decrease is decrease is decrease is decrease is decrease is decrease is decrease is

                                 only in SI only in SI only in SI only in SI only in SI only in SI only in SI only in SI

                                 accrued as accrued as accrued as accrued as accrued as accrued as accrued as accrued as

                                 NCB)        NCB)        NCB)        NCB)        NCB)        NCB) NCB) NCB)

CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526                                                                                                   36
Plan Name Care 1 Care 2 Care 3 Care 4 Care 5 Care 6 Care 7 Care 8 Care 9

Sum           1L   2L   3L \ 4L 5L \ 7L \ 15L \ 20L \ 50L \ 60L \ 100L \ 3L \ 4L 5L \ 7L \

Insured (SI)                 10L \  25L \ 30L \ 75L  150L \           10L

­ on annual                         40L              200L \

basis (in                                            300L \

Rs.)                                                 600L

              Note ­ Note ­ Note ­ Note ­ Note ­ Note ­ Note ­ Note ­ Note ­

              Insured Insured Insured Insured Insured Insured Insured Insured Insured

              Person has Person has Person has Person has Person has Person has Person has Person has Person has

              Option to Option to Option to Option to Option to Option to Option to Option to Option to

              opt for opt for opt for opt for opt for opt for opt for opt for opt for

              discount in discount in discount in discount in discount in discount in discount in discount in discount in

              renewal renewal renewal renewal renewal renewal renewal renewal renewal

              Premium Premium Premium Premium Premium Premium Premium Premium Premium

              instead of instead of instead of instead of instead of instead of instead of instead of instead of

              additional additional additional additional additional additional additional additional additional

              Sum  Sum  Sum  Sum    Sum  Sum         Sum         Sum  Sum

              Insured. Insured. Insured. Insured. Insured. Insured. Insured. Insured. Insured.

Global X           X    X    X      X    X           Up to SI X       X

Coverage                                             for

(excluding                                           Hospitaliz

USA);                                                ation

Coverage                                             Expenses

outside                                              & up to

India &                                              the limit

USA - 45                                             specified

continuou                                            under

s days in a                                          'Maternity

single                                               Cover'

trip; Max.                                           towards

90 days                                              Maternity

on a                                                 expenses;

cumulativ                                            With a

e basis, in                                          10% co-

a Policy                                             payment

Year.                                                per Claim

Annual X           Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual Annual
Health
Check-up

Vaccination X      X    X    X      X    X           Up to       X    X

Cover                                                Rs.10,000

Care          X    X    X    X      X    Up to Sum X             X    X

Anywhere                                 Insured

Maternity X        X    X    X      X    up to Rs up to Rs X          X

Cover                                    1 Lac       2 Lacs

(Available

only under

Floater

Cover Type

for all

Insured

37                                                               CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
Plan Name Care 1 Care 2 Care 3 Care 4 Care 5 Care 6 Care 7 Care 8 Care 9

Sum            1L                2L        3L \ 4L 5L \ 7L \ 15L \ 20L \ 50L \ 60L \ 100L \ 3L \ 4L 5L \ 7L \

Insured (SI)                                                10L \           25L \ 30L \ 75L  150L \                 10L

­ on annual                                                                 40L              200L \

basis (in                                                                                    300L \

Rs.)                                                                                         600L

Insured
Persons of
age 18
years or
above with
a wait
period of
24 months)

Wellness a)                      Recording 10,000 steps ( 8000 steps for Insured Person of age 60 years and above) or more in a day
benefit                          through tracking apps, devices etc.

                                 No. of days in a year 270 240 180 120 less then120

                                 Renewal Discount 30% 20% 15% 10%                      0%

               -                 This benefit will be applicable on Individual basis. In case of floater, average of no. of healthy days

                                 as attained by all the Insured shall be considered

               -                 Responsibility of mapping device with CHIL system is of the Insured

               -                 No. of days completing 10,000 steps or more that are accumulated in last 2 months of the Policy

                                 Period would not be considered for discount on renewal premium. The same shall carry forward and

                                 will be considered in next policy period.

               -                 In case of multi tenure, average of no. of healthy days over policy tenure will be considered for

                                 discount

               -                 In case of instalment premium mode is opted, then discount shall be considered only post payment of

                                 first 6 month of premium.

               -                 Medical vouchers of value equivalent to renewal discount amount can also be provided to Insured in

                                 case he/she do not wish for discount on renewal premium.

               Note: The above section of benefit is available only for Insured covered as Adults aged 18 and above in the

                                 Policy and discount calculated shall be applicable on total premium of Policy.

               b) Access to Digital Fitness Coaching

               c) Access to AI Fitness Coaching

               d) Access to Nutritionist/ Wellness Coach

               Note: Benefit (b, c & d) shall be available for Insured members aged above 12 years

Global Plus Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI. X                                  X                   X  X
Covers only
planned                                                                     Availabl

hospitalizati                                                               e up to

on outside                                                                  20 Lac

India up to                                                                 SI option

the Sum

Insured -

Inpatient &

Day Care

Treatment.

Diagnosis

in India

required.

Unlimited

E-Consult Available for Consultations with General Physicians and Specialist
ations

Optional covers

Global X                         X         X                X               X          X     Geographic X           X

Coverage                                                                                     al scope of
­ Total                                                                                      Benefit
                                                                                             'Global

                                                                                             Coverage

                                                                                             (excluding

                                                                                             USA)' is

                                                                                             extended to

                                                                                             USA also

CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526                                                                                                           38
Plan Name Care 1 Care 2 Care 3 Care 4 Care 5 Care 6 Care 7 Care 8 Care 9

Sum           1L  2L  3L \ 4L 5L \ 7L \ 15L \ 20L \ 50L \ 60L \ 100L \ 3L \ 4L 5L \ 7L \

Insured (SI)                  10L \    25L \ 30L \ 75L           150L \  10L

­ on annual                            40L                       200L \

basis (in                                                        300L \

Rs.)                                                             600L

Travel Plus (For all the 6 Benefits under 'Travel Plus', duration of coverage is 45 continuous days in a single trip; Max. 90
days on a cumulative basis, in a Policy Year)

(I)           X   X   Up to SI ; Up to SI ; Up to SI or Up to Rs. X      Up to SI ; Up to SI ;

Worldwide             Deductible Deductible Rs. 20 20 Lacs ;             Deductible Deductibl

In-Patient            of Rs.  of Rs.   Lacs        Deductible            of Rs. e of Rs.

Cover (for            5,000 per 5,000 per (whichever of Rs.              5,000 per 5,000 per

emergency)            Claim Claim is lesser); 5,000 per                  Claim Claim

                                       Deductible Claim

                                       of Rs.

                                       5,000 per

                                       Claim

II)           X   X   Up to SI ; Up to SI ; Up to SI or Up to Rs. X      Up to SI ; Up to SI ;

Worldwi               Deductibl Deductible Rs. 20 Lacs 20 Lacs;          Deductibl Deductible

de OPD                e of Rs. of Rs.  (whichever Deductible             e of Rs. of Rs.

Cover                 5,000 per 5,000 per is lesser); of Rs.             5,000 per 5,000 per

                      Claim Claim Deductible 5,000 per                   Claim Claim

                                       of Rs.      Claim

                                       5,000 per

                                       Claim

III) Loss X       X   Up to   Up to 1% Up to 1% Up to Rs. X              Up to 1% Up to 1%

of                    1% of of SI ;    of SI or Rs. 20,000;              of SI ; of SI ;

Passport              SI ;    Deductible 20,000 Deductible               Deductibl Deductibl

                      Deductib of Rs.  (whichever of Rs.                 e of Rs. e of Rs.

                      le of Rs. 2,500 per is lesser); 2,500 per          2,500 per 2,500 per

                      2,500 per Claim  Deductible Claim                  Claim Claim

                      Claim            of Rs.

                                       2,500 per

                                       Claim

IV) Loss X        X   Up to   Up to    Up to 1% Up to            X       Up to Up to

of                    1% of SI 1% of SI of SI or Rs. Rs.                 1% of SI 1% of SI

Checked-                               20,000 20,000

in Baggage                             (whichever

                                       is lesser)

V)            X   X   Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI or Up to        X       Up to SI Up to SI

Repatriati                             Rs. 20 Rs. 20

on of                                  Lacs        Lacs

Mortal                                 (whichever

Remains                                is lesser)

VI)           X   X   Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI or Up to        X       Up to SI Up to SI

Medical                                Rs. 20 Rs. 20

Evacuation                             Lacs        Lacs

                                       (whichever

                                       is lesser)

39                                                                       CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
Plan Name Care 1 Care 2 Care 3 Care 4 Care 5 Care 6 Care 7 Care 8 Care 9

Sum           1L                 2L     3L \ 4L 5L \ 7L \ 15L \ 20L \ 50L \ 60L \ 100L \                   3L \ 4L 5L \ 7L \
                                                                                                                         10L
Insured (SI)                                    10L \         25L \ 30L \ 75L                      150L \
                                                                                                           Up to SI Up to SI
­ on annual                                                   40L                                  200L \  (unlimited (unlimited
                                                                                                           times) times)
basis (in                                                                                          300L \
                                                                                                           Available Available
Rs.)                                                                                               600L    for same for same
                                                                                                           person person
Unlimited X                      Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI X                            same same
Automatic                        (unlimited (unlimited (unlimited (unlimited (unlimited                    illness illness
Recharge                         times) times) times) times) times)                                        Note: Note:
                                                                                                           Anyone Anyone
                                 Available Available Available Available Available                         illness illness
                                                                                                           condition condition
                                 for same for same for same for same for same                              is not is not
                                                                                                           applicable applicable
                                 person person person person person

                                 same   same    same          same        same

                                 illness illness illness illness illness

                                 Note:  Note:   Note:         Note:       Note:

                                 Anyone Anyone Anyone Anyone Anyone

                                 illness illness illness illness illness

                                 condition is condition is condition is condition is condition is

                                 not    not     not           not         not

                                 applicable applicable applicable applicable applicable

No            X                  50%    50%     50%           50%         50%                      X       50%    50%

Claims                           increase in increase in increase in increase in increase in               increase in increase in

Bonus                            SI per SI per  SI per        SI per      SI per                           SI per SI per

Super                            Policy Policy Policy Policy Policy                                        Policy Policy

(NCBS)                           Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in                                   Year in Year in

                                 case of case of case of case of case of                                   case of case of

                                 claim-free claim-free claim-free claim-free claim-free                    claim-free claim-free

                                 year; Max year; Max year; Max year; Max year; Max                         year; Max year; Max

                                 up to  up to   up to         up to       up to                            up to  up to

                                 100% of SI 100% of SI 100% of SI 100% of SI 100% of SI                    100% of SI 100% of SI

                                 (50%   (50%    (50%          (50%        (50%                             (50% (50%

                                 decrease in decrease in decrease in decrease in decrease in               decrease in decrease in

                                 SI per SI per  SI per        SI per      SI per                           SI per SI per

                                 Policy Policy Policy Policy Policy                                        Policy Policy

                                 Year in Year in Year in Year in Year in                                   Year in Year in

                                 case a case a  case a        case a      case a                           case a case a

                                 claim has claim has claim has claim has claim has                         claim has claim has

                                 been paid; been paid; been paid; been paid; been paid;                    been paid; been paid;

                                 Such   Such    Such          Such        Such                             Such   Such

                                 decrease is decrease is decrease is decrease is decrease is               decrease is decrease is

                                 only in SI only in SI only in SI only in SI only in SI                    only in SI only in SI

                                 accrued as accrued as accrued as accrued as accrued as                    accrued as accrued as

                                 NCBS) NCBS) NCBS) NCBS) NCBS)                                             NCBS) NCBS)

Deductible 5K / 10K / 5K / 10K / 5K / 10K / 5K / 10K          5K / 10K    5K / 10K                 5K / 10K 5K / 10K 5K / 10K
                                                              / 25K /     / 25K /
Option­ on 25K / 50K 25K / 50K 25K / 50K / 25K /              50K / 1L /  50K / 1L /               / 25K / / 25K / / 25K /
                                                              2L / 3L /   2L / 3L /
an            / 1L / 2L / / 1L / 2L / / 1L / 2L / 50K / 1L /  5L          5L                       50K / 1L / 50K / 1L / 50K / 1L /

aggregate 3L / 5L 3L / 5L 3L / 5L 2L / 3L /                                                        2L / 3L / 2L / 3L / 2L / 3L /

basis per                                       5L                                                 5L      5L     5L

Policy Year

(in Rs.)

Everyday X                       Up to 2% Up to 2% Up to 2% Up to 2% Up to 2% Up to 2% Up to 2% Up to 2%
Care (With
a flat co-                       of SI  of SI   of SI         of SI       of SI                    of SI   of SI  of SI
payment of
20% per                          (1% for (1% for (1% for (1% for (1% for (1% for (1% for (1% for

                                 consultatio consultatio consultatio consultatio consultatio consultatio consultatio consultatio

                                 ns & 1% ns & 1% ns & 1% ns & 1% ns & 1% ns & 1% ns & 1% ns & 1%

CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526                                                                                                      40
Plan Name Care 1 Care 2 Care 3 Care 4 Care 5 Care 6 Care 7 Care 8 Care 9

Sum           1L         2L          3L \ 4L 5L \ 7L \ 15L \ 20L \ 50L \ 60L \ 100L \ 3L \ 4L 5L \ 7L \

Insured (SI)                                     10L \       25L \ 30L \ 75L         150L \             10L

­ on annual                                                  40L                     200L \

basis (in                                                                            300L \

Rs.)                                                                                 600L

Consultation             For         For         For         For         For         For         For    For
/ diagnostic             diagnostic  diagnostic  diagnostic  diagnostic  diagnostic  diagnostic
examination)             examinati-  examinati-  examinati-  examinati-  examinati-  examinati-  diagnostic diagnostic
                         ons) along  ons) along  ons) along  ons) along  ons) along  ons) along
                         with        with        with        with        with        with        examinati- examinati-
                         Health      Health      Health      Health      Health      Health
                         Care        Care        Care        Care        Care        Care        ons) along ons) along
                         Services    Services    Services    Services    Services    Services
                                                                                                 with   with

                                                                                                 Health Health

                                                                                                 Care   Care

                                                                                                 Services Services

Smart         For listed For listed For listed For listed For listed For listed For listed For listed For listed
Select
              Hospitals : Hospitals : Hospitals : Hospitals : Hospitals : Hospitals : Hospitals : Hospitals : Hospitals :

              Up to SI; Up to SI; Up to SI; Up to SI; Up to SI; Up to SI; Up to SI; Up to SI; Up to SI;

              - Other - Other - Other - Other - Other - Other - Other - Other - Other

              Hospitals : Hospitals : Hospitals : Hospitals : Hospitals : Hospitals : Hospitals : Hospitals : Hospitals :

              Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI Up to SI

              with an with an with an with an with an with an with an with an with an

              additional additional additional additional additional additional additional additional additional

              co-        co-         co-         co-         co-         co-         co-         co-    co-

              payment payment payment payment payment payment payment payment payment

              of 20% per of 20% per of 20% per of 20% per of 20% per of 20% per of 20% per of 20% per of 20% per

              claim      claim       claim       claim       claim       claim       claim       claim claim

OPD Care Up to 5K / Up to 5K /       Up to 5K /  Up to 5K /  Up to 5K /  Up to 5K /  Up to 5K / Up to 5K / Up to 5K /
                                     10K / 15K   10K / 15K   10K / 15K   10K / 15K
(Re-          10K / 15K 10K / 15K    / 20K /     / 20K /     / 20K /     / 20K /     10K / 15K 10K / 15K 10K / 15K
                                     25K / 30K   25K / 30K   25K / 30K   25K / 30K
imburseme / 20K / / 20K /            /           /           /           /           / 20K / / 20K / / 20K /
                                     35K / 40K   35K / 40K   35K / 40K   35K / 40K
nt towards 25K / 30K 25K / 30K       /           /           /           /           25K / 30K 25K / 30K 25K / 30K
                                     45K / 50K   45K / 50K   45K / 50K   45K / 50K
claims        /          /           for         for         for         for         /           /      /
                                     consultati  consultati  consultati  consultati
incurred in 35K / 40K 35K / 40K      on          on          on          on          35K / 40K 35K / 40K 35K / 40K
                                     diagnostic  diagnostic  diagnostic  diagnostic
a policy /               /           s           s           s           s           /           /      /
                                     &           &           &           &
year can be 45K / 50K 45K / 50K      pharmacy    pharmacy    pharmacy    pharmacy    45K / 50K 45K / 50K 45K / 50K

claimed for              for                                                         for         for    for

only twice consultati consultati                                                     consultati consultati consultati

during that on           on                                                          on          on     on

policy year) diagnostic diagnostic                                                   diagnostic diagnostic diagnostic

              s          s                                                           s           s      s

              &          &                                                           &           &      &

              pharmacy pharmacy                                                      pharmacy pharmacy pharmacy

Personal Accidental      Accidental  Accidental  Accidental  Accidental Accidental   Accidental Accidental Accidental
                         Death       Death       Death
Accident Death           ­ 100% of   ­ 100% of   ­ 100% of   Death Death             Death Death Death
                         the         the         the
This          ­ 100% of  respective  respective  respective  ­ 100% of ­ 100% of     ­ 100% of ­ 100% of ­ 100% of
                         coverage    coverage    coverage
Optional the             amount      amount      amount      the         the         the         the    the
                         -           -           -
Cover can respective     Permanent   Permanent   Permanent   respective respective   respective respective respective
                         Total       Total       Total
be chosen coverage                                           coverage coverage       coverage coverage coverage

by            amount                                         amount amount           amount amount amount

Proposer -                                                   -           -           -           -      -

for           Permanent                                      Permanent Permanent     Permanent Permanent Permanent

oneself, Total                                               Total       Total       Total       Total  Total

Spouse &

41                                                                                                  CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
Plan Name Care 1 Care 2 Care 3 Care 4 Care 5 Care 6 Care 7 Care 8 Care 9

Sum           1L                 2L          3L \ 4L 5L \ 7L \ 15L \ 20L \ 50L \ 60L \ 100L \ 3L \ 4L 5L \ 7L \

Insured (SI)                                             10L \       25L \ 30L \ 75L         150L \                 10L

­ on annual                                                          40L                     200L \

basis (in                                                                                    300L \

Rs.)                                                                                         600L

Dependent Disablem               Disablem    Disablem    Disablem    Disablem    Disablem    Disablem    Disablem Disablem
                                 ent         ent         ent         ent         ent         ent
children, ent                    ­ Up to     ­ Up to     ­ Up to     ­ Up to     ­ Up to     ­ Up to     ent        ent
                                 100% of     100% of     100% of     100% of     100% of     100% of
only if ­ Up to                  the         the         the         the         the         the         ­ Up to ­ Up to
                                 respective  respective  respective  respective  respective  respective
they are 100% of                 coverage    coverage    coverage    coverage    coverage    coverage    100% of 100% of
                                 amount      amount      amount      amount      amount      amount
Insured the                      (As per     (As per     (As per     (As per     (As per     (As per     the        the
                                 PTD         PTD         PTD         PTD         PTD         PTD
under this respective            Table in    Table in    Table in    Table in    Table in    Table in    respective respective
                                 Optional    Optional    Optional    Optional    Optional    Optional
Policy and coverage              Cover 9)    Cover 9)    Cover 9)    Cover 9)    Cover 9)    Cover 9)    coverage coverage

the           amount                                                                                     amount amount

Proposer (As per                                                                                         (As per (As per

(for          PTD                                                                                        PTD        PTD

oneself) Table in                                                                                        Table in Table in

has opted Optional                                                                                       Optional Optional

for such Cover 9)                                                                                        Cover 9) Cover 9)

Cover

Addition      Addition Addition Addition Addition Addition Addition X                                    Addition Addition
al Sum
Insured       al SI of al SI of al SI of al SI of al SI of al SI of                                      al SI of al SI of
for
Accident      up to              up to       up to       up to       up to       up to                   up to      up to
al
Hospitali     100%, if 100%, if 100%, if 100%, if 100%, if 100%, if                                      100%, if 100%, if
zation
              an                 an          an          an          an          an                      an         an

              Insured is Insured is Insured is Insured is Insured is Insured is                          Insured is Insured is

              admitted admitted admitted admitted admitted admitted                                      admitted admitted

              under In- under In- under In- under In- under In- under In-                                under In- under In-

              patient patient patient patient patient patient                                            patient patient

              Care due Care due Care due Care due Care due Care due                                      Care due Care due

              to an              to an       to an       to an       to an       to an                   to an      to an

              accident accident accident accident accident accident                                      accident accident

Internati     Once per           Once per    Once per    Once per    Once per    Once per    Once per    Once per   Once per
onal          Major              Major       Major       Major       Major       Major       Major       Major      Major
Second        Illness /          Illness /   Illness /   Illness /   Illness /   Illness /   Illness /   Illness /  Illness /
Opinion       Injury             Injury      Injury      Injury      Injury      Injury      Injury      Injury     Injury
              per                per         per         per         per         per         per         per        per
              policy             policy      policy      policy      policy      policy      policy      policy     policy
              year               year        year        year        year        year        year        year       year

Reductio      Applicable Applicable Applicable Applicable Applicable Applicable Applicable Applicable Applicable
n in PED      PED Wait PED Wait PED Wait PED Wait PED Wait PED Wait PED Wait PED Wait PED Wait
Wait          Period of Period of Period of Period of Period of Period of Period of Period of Period of
Period        3 Years, 3 Years, 3 Years, 3 Years, 3 Years, 3 Years, 3 Years, 3 Years, 3 Years,
              will be will be will be will be will be will be will be will be will be
              reduced to reduced to reduced to reduced to reduced to reduced to reduced to reduced to reduced to
              2 Years 2 Years 2 Years 2 Years 2 Years 2 Years 2 Years 2 Years 2 Years

Extension X                      X           X           X           X           X           Duration X             X

of Global                                                                                    of

Coverage                                                                                     Coverag

(Applicable                                                                                  e will be

to :                                                                                         extended

                                                                                             to 90

CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526                                                                                                 42
SPulamn Name 1L Care 1   2LCare 2    3LC\a4rLe 3  5LC\a7rLe \4  15LCa\ r2e0L5 \ 50LCa\ r6e0L6 \ 10C0aLr\e 7  3LC\a4rLe 8 5LC\a7rLe 9\
Insured (SI)                                      10L \                                                                    10L
                         Up to Rs    Up to Rs                   25L \ 30L \ 75L         150L \
                         5 Lacs      5 Lacs       Up to Rs                                                   Up to Rs Up to Rs
­ on annual              Annual      Annual       5 Lacs        40L                     200L \               5 Lacs 5 Lacs
                                                  Annual                                                     Annual Annual
basis (in                                                                               300L \

Rs.)                                                                                    600L

-Benefit -                                                                              continuo

'Global                                                                                 us days

Coverage                                                                                in a

(excluding                                                                              single

USA)';                                                                                  trip and

-Optional                                                                               Max.

Cover ­                                                                                 180 days

'Global                                                                                 on a

Coverage ­                                                                              cumulati

Total')                                                                                 ve basis

Air          Up to Rs                                           Up to Rs Up to Rs Up to Rs
                                                                5 Lacs 5 Lacs 5 Lacs
Ambulance 5 Lacs

Cover

Advance X                                                       Annual Annual Annual
Annual

Health

Check-up

Room Rent Non ­          Non ­ Non ­              Non ­         Non ­       Non ­       Non ­                X   X

Modificati ICU:          ICU:        ICU:         ICU:          ICU:        ICU:        ICU:

on           Single Single Single Single Single Single Single

             Private Private Private Private Private Private Private

             Room        Room        Room         Room          Room        Room        Room

             ICU: No ICU: No ICU: No ICU: No ICU: No ICU: No ICU: No

             Limit       Limit       Limit        Limit         Limit       Limit       Limit

Be-Fit       Unlimited visits to Fitness centres can be availed by Insured members aged above 12 years
Benefit

Co-          Option of   Option of   Option of    Option of     Option of   Option of   Option of            Option of Option of
payment      20% per     20% per     20% per      20% per       20% per     20% per     20% per              20% per 20% per
             claim,      claim,      claim,       claim,        claim,      claim,      claim,               claim, claim,
             where age   where age   where age    where age     where age   where age   where age            where age where age
             of Insured  of Insured  of Insured   of Insured    of Insured  of Insured  of Insured           of Insured of Insured
             / eldest    / eldest    / eldest     / eldest      / eldest    / eldest    / eldest             / eldest / eldest
             member is   member is   member is    member is     member is   member is   member is            member is member is
             61 years    61 years    61 years     61 years      61 years    61 years    61 years             61 years 61 years
             or above    or above    or above     or above      or above    or above    or above             or above or above

Loyalty X                In case of no claim for 3 consecutive policy years, then 3 X                        In case of no claim for
Bonus                    times of SI will be provided as bonus on subsequent                                 3 consecutive policy
                         renewal. This benefit shall be provided only once in                                years, then 3 times of
                         lifetime of the Policy.                                                             SI will be provided as
                                                                                                             bonus on subsequent
                                                                                                             renewal. This benefit
                                                                                                             shall be provided only
                                                                                                             once in lifetime of the
                                                                                                             Policy.

    Wait Periods

Initial      30 days     30 days     30 days      30 days       30 days     30 days     30 days 30 days 30 days
Wait
Period       24          24          24           24            24          24          24                   24  24
             months      months      months       months        months      months
Named                                                                                   months months months
ailments

43                                                                                                           CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
Plan Name Care 1 Care 2 Care 3 Care 4 Care 5 Care 6 Care 7 Care 8 Care 9

Sum           1L                 2L       3L \ 4L  5L \ 7L \  15L \ 20L \ 50L \ 60L \ 100L \   3L \ 4L 5L \ 7L \
                                                   10L \                                                     10L
Insured (SI)                     36       36                  25L \ 30L \ 75L       150L \
                                 months   months   36
­ on annual                                        months     40L                   200L \

basis (in                                                                           300L \

Rs.)                                                                                600L

Pre-          36                                              36         36         36         36        36
existing      months                                          months     months     months
Diseases                                                                                       months months

Sub-limits

Room Rent     Up to              Up to    Up to    Single     Single     Single     Single     Up to     Single
/ Room        1% of              1% of    1% of    Private    Private    Private    Private    1% of SI  Private
Category      SI per             SI per   SI per   Room       Room       Room       Room       per day   Room
              day                day      day                 (upgrada   (upgrada   (upgrada             (Max.
                                                              ble to     ble to     ble to               Up to
                                                              next       next       next                 1% of SI
                                                              level,     level,     level,               per day)
                                                              only if    only if    only if
                                                              Single     Single     Single
                                                              Private    Private    Private
                                                              Room is    Room is    Room is
                                                              not        not        not
                                                              available  available  available
                                                              );         );         );
                                                              Refer      Refer      Refer
                                                              Note 2 of  Note 2 of  Note 2 of
                                                              this       this       this
                                                              Table      Table      Table

ICU           Up to 2% Up to 2% Up to 2% No Sub-              No Sub-    No Sub-    No Sub- Up to 2% Up to 2%
Charges                                                       limit      limit
              of SI per of SI per of SI per limit                                   limit      of SI per of SI per

              day                day      day                                                  day       day

Treatment No Sub-                No Sub-  No Sub- No Sub-     No Sub-    No Sub-    No Sub-    Up to     Up to
of Cataract limit                limit                        limit      limit      limit      Rs.       Rs.
                                          limit    limit                                       20,000    30,000
                                 No Sub-                      No Sub-    No Sub-    No Sub-    per eye   per eye
                                 limit                        limit      limit      limit
Treatment     No Sub-                     No Sub- No Sub-                                      Up to     Up to
of Total      limit              No Sub-                      No Sub-    No Sub-               Rs.       Rs. 1
Knee                             limit    limit    limit      limit      limit                 80,000    Lac per
Replaceme                                                                                      per knee  knee
nt

Treatment     No Sub-                     No Sub- No Sub-                           No Sub- Up to        Up to
for each      limit                                                                                      Rs.
and every                                 limit    limit                            limit      Rs.       65,000
Ailment /
Procedure                                                                                      50,000
mentioned
below:-
I) Surgery
for

CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526                                                                                     44
Plan Name Care 1 Care 2 Care 3 Care 4 Care 5 Care 6 Care 7 Care 8 Care 9

Sum           1L   2L       3L \ 4L 5L \ 7L \ 15L \ 20L \ 50L \ 60L \ 100L \ 3L \ 4L  5L \ 7L \
                                                                                      10L
Insured (SI)                         10L \  25L \ 30L \ 75L    150L \
                                                                                      Up to
­ on annual                                 40L                200L \                 Rs. 2.5
                                                                                      Lacs
basis (in                                                      300L \

Rs.)                                                           600L

treatment
of all types
of Hernia
II)
Hysterecto
my
III)
Surgeries
for Benign
Prostate
Hypertrop
hy (BPH)
IV)
Surgical
treatment
of stones
of renal
system

Treatment No Sub-  No Sub-  No Sub-  No Sub- No Sub-  No Sub-  No Sub- Up to
for each limit     limit    limit                     limit
and every                            limit  limit              limit   Rs. 2
Ailment /
Procedure                                                              Lacs
mentioned
below:-
I)
Treatment
of
Cerebrovas
cular and
Cardiovasc
ular
disorders
II)
Treatments/
Surgeries
for Cancer
III)
Treatment
of other
renal
complicatio
ns and
Disorders
IV)
Treatment
for
breakage of
bones

45                                                                     CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
Notes:

1. All the Sum Insured mentioned are on a Policy Year basis.

2. If the Room Category/ Room Rent eligibility is 'Single Private Room (upgradable to next level)', it means such up-
       gradation will trigger only if Single Private Room is not available in the Hospital at the time of admission and our
       liability will arise only after accepting required documented proof for such Room unavailability. In case such
       documented proof is not furnished, then the maximum eligible Room Category would be considered as 'Single Private
       Room' only.

About Us

Care Health Insurance is a specialized health insurer offering products in the retail segment for Health Insurance, Top-up
Coverage, Personal Accident, Maternity, International Travel Insurance and Critical Illness along with Group Health Insurance
and Group Personal Accident Insurance for Corporates, Micro Insurance Products for the Rural Market and a Comprehensive Set
of Wellness Services. With its operating philosophy being based on the principal tenet of 'consumer-centricity', the company has
consistently invested in the effective application of technology to deliver excellence in customer servicing, product innovation
and value-for-money services.

Apart from numerous awards since inception, in March 2025, Care Health Insurance (CHI) was awarded `Best Claim Settlement
Company of the Year' at the 9th Annual India Insurance Summit & Awards 2025; in December 2024 CHI was conferred the
`Overall Achievement Award' (SAHI category) at the ASSOCHAM 16th Global Insurance Summit & Awards, and `Smart
Insurer' and `Sales Champion' awards in Health Insurance category at the 11th ET Now Insurance Summit & Awards 2024. The
company was also awarded `Best Health Insurance Plan ­ Care Plus at the Global Financial Planner's Summit 2024 held in
October'24.

Registered Office                Care Health Insurance Limited

                                 5th Floor, 19 Chawla House, Nehru Place, New Delhi-110019

Correspondence Office            Vipul Tech Square, Tower C, 3rd Floor, Golf Course Road, Sector-43, Gurugram-122009

Tollfree (WhatsApp Number) 8860402452

E-mail ID for Claims             claims@careinsurance.com

Submit Your Queries/ Requests https://www.careinsurance.com/contact-us.html

Website                          www.careinsurance.com

Disclaimer: This is only a summary of features of        . The actual benefits available are as described in the Policy, and

will be subject to the Policy terms, conditions and exclusions. Please seek the advice of your insurance advisor if you

require any further information or clarification.

Statutory Warning: Prohibition of Rebates (under Section 41 of Insurance Act, 1938): No person shall allow or offer to allow,
either directly or indirectly as an inducement to any person to take out or renew or continue an insurance in respect of any kind of
risk relating to lives or property in India, any rebate of the whole or part of the commission payable or any rebate of the premium
shown on the policy, nor shall any person taking out or renewing or continuing a Policy accept any rebate, except such rebate as
may be allowed in accordance with the published prospectus or tables of the insurer. Any person making default in complying
with the provisions of this section shall be liable for a penalty which may extend to ten lakh rupees.Insurance is a subject matter of
solicitation.

UAN:26037238                                       UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526

CIN:U66000DL2007PLC161503                          IRDAI Registration Number - 148

       is a trademark of Care Health Insurance Limited.

Note:

1. The foregoing is only an indication of the cover offered. For details, please refer to the Policy terms and conditions,
   available on request.

2. The Proposal Form shall form the basis of the insurance contract. It is mandatory for You to provide Us a duly filled in

CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526                                                                                               46
   and signed Proposal Form and retain a copy as an evidence of the basis of the insurance contract.
3. Any risk under the Policy shall commence only once We receives the premium (including all taxes and levies thereto).
4. In case You have not understood any of the details, coverage, etc. in this document, You can seek for a clarification or a

   copy of this document in a language understood by You.
5. For full details of this product, please log on to www.careinsurance.com
6. The product is in conformity with the IRDAI approval and health insurance regulations and standardization guidelines.

Good Claims Experience Discount:

    Good Claims Experience Discount:

    We are offering a discount to our policyholders for their Good claims experience with us in the product.

    At each Renewal, a Lifetime Health Score will be computed for each policy on the basis Health Score. This LifeTime
    Health Score will determine the discount applicable on the renewal premium. Calculation of Health Score and LifeTime
    Health Score will be as follow:

    Health Score: A score for each policy year, basis the claim amount paid in that policy year is arrived at using the following
    Health Score Grid.

    Health Score Grid                                         Health Score
    Claim Paid for each Policy Period                                -1
    0 or No Claim                                                    0
    Claim Up to INR 50000

    More than INR 50000 and up to INR 100,000                                                                 1

    More than INR100,000 and up to INR 200,000                                                                2

    More than 200,000                                                                                         3

    Lifetime Health Score: At the time of renewal, a cumulative score at policy level, on the basis of each year's Health Score,
    will be calculated to arrive discount using the following grid:

    LifeTime Health Score Grid:

                       LifeTime Health Score of Policyholder  Discount

                                       -5 and below                                                           45.0%
                                             -4                                                               45.0%
                                             -3                                                               42.5%
                                             -2                                                               42.5%
                                             -1                                                               40.0%
                                              0                                                               22.5%
                                              1                                                               20.0%
                                              2                                                               17.5%
                                              3                                                               15.0%
                                              4                                                               12.5%
                                              5                                                               10.0%
                                              6                                                               7.5%
                                              7                                                               5.0%
                                              8                                                               2.5%
                                                                                                              0.0%
                                       9 and above

    Notes:

    - When customer takes a new policy, they start with a LifeTime Health Score of "0" and will be eligible for a
           22.5% Discount on the rate chart.

    - Senior Citizens (age 60 years and above at time of New Purchase) will be offered an additional discount of 5% over
           and above the discount in the LifeTime Health Score Grid.

47                                                                                                            CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
- Based on their Lifetime Health Score, a customer can have a maximum discount of 45% and a minimum discount of
       0% on each renewal.

- For policyholders up to age 59 years (last birthday), the LifeTime Health Score at the time of renewal will be based
       on the cumulative Health Score awarded historically till date.

- For Senior Citizens (age 60 years and above), the premium at each renewal will be increased by 9% from the
       preceding year's (annual) premium paid by the policyholder.

- For Sum Insured of INR 50 Lacs and above, a discount of 20% will be offered provided no Claim is made for Global
       coverage (excl./Including USA) or Care Anywhere in the lifetime of the policy.

CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526                                                                                         48
                                        Annexure I
                               List of Day Care Surgeries

1. Cardiology Related:                               25. Revision of A Fenestration of the Inner Ear
1. Coronary Angiography                              26. Palatoplasty
                                                     27 Transoral Incision and Drainage of A Pharyngeal
2. Critical Care Related:
                                                             Abscess
2. Insert Non- Tunnel CV CATH                        28. tonsillectomy Without Adenoidectomy
                                                     29. tonsillectomy With Adenoidectomy
3. Insert PICC CATH (Peripherally Inserted Central   30. Excision and Destruction of A Lingual tonsil
        Catheter)                                    31. Revision of A Tympanoplasty

4. Replace PICC CATH (Peripherally Inserted Central
        Catheter)

5. Insertion Catheter, Intra Anterior

6. Insertion of Portacath                            32. Other Microsurgical Operations on the Middle Ear

3. Dental Related:                                   33. Incision of the Mastoid Process and Middle Ear

7. Splinting of Avulsed Teeth                        34 Mastoidectomy

8. Suturing Lacerated Lip                            35. Reconstruction of the Middle Ear

9. Suturing Oral Mucosa                              36 Other Excisions of the Middle and Inner Ear

10. Oral Biopsy In Case of Abnormal Tissue           37. Incision (Opening) and Destruction
        Presentation                                 38 (Elimination) of the Inner Ear

11. FNAC

12. SMEAR from Oral Cavity                           39 Other Operations on the Middle and Inner Ear

4. ENT Related:                                      40. Excision and Destruction of Diseased Tissue of the
                                                             Nose
13. Myringotomy With Grommet Insertion
                                                     41 Other Operations on the Nose
14. Tympanoplasty (Closure of An Ear Drum            42. Nasal Sinus Aspiration
        Perforation/ Reconstruction of the Auditory  43. foreign Body Removal from Nose
        Ossicles)                                    44. Adenoidectomy
                                                     45. Labyrinthectomy for Severe Vertigo
15. Removal of A Tympanic Drain                      46. Stapedectomy Under GA
                                                     47. Stapedectomy Under LA
16. Keratosis Removal Under Ga                       48. Tympanoplasty (Type IV)

17. Operations on the Turbinates (Nasal Concha)

18. Tympanoplasty (Closure of An Ear Drum
        Perforation/ Reconstruction of the Auditory
        Ossicles)

19. Removal of Keratosis Obturans

20. Stapedotomy to Treat Various Lesions In Middle Ear 49. Endolymphatic SAC Surgery for Meniere's Disease

21 Revision of A Stapedectomy                        50. Turbinectomy

22. Other Operations on the Auditory Ossicles        51. Endoscopic Stapedectomy

23. Myringoplasty (Post- Aura/ Endaural Approach As  52. Incision and Drainage of Perichondritis
        Well As Simple Type- I Tympanoplasty)        53. Septoplasty

24. Fenestration of the Inner Ear

49                                                                                CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
54. Vestibular Nerve Section                             82. ERCP
55. Thyroplasty Type I                                   83. Colonscopy Stenting of Stricture
56. Pseudocyst of the Pinna- Excision                    84. Percutaneous Endoscopic Gastrostomy
57. Incision and Drainage- Haematoma Auricle             85. EUS and Pancreatic Pseudo Cyst Drainage
58. Tympanoplasty (Type II)                              86. ERCP and Choledochoscopy
59. Reduction of Fracture of Nasal Bone                  87. Proctosigmoidoscopy Volvulus Detorsion
60. Thyroplasty Type II                                  88. ERCP and Sphincterotomy
61. Tracheostomy                                         89. Esophageal Stent Placement
62. Excision of Angioma Septum                           90. ERCP + Placement of Biliary Stents
63. Turbinoplasty                                        91. Sigmoidoscopy W/ Stent
64. Incision & Drainage of Retro Pharyngeal Abscess      92. EUS + Coeliac Node Biopsy
65. Uvulo Palato Pharyngo Plasty                         93. UGI Scopy and Injection of Adrenaline, Sclerosants
66. Adenoidectomy With Grommet Insertion
67. Adenoidectomy Without Grommet Insertion                      Bleeding ULCERS
68. Vocal Cord Lateralisation Procedure                  6. General Surgery Related:
69. Incision & Drainage of Para Pharyngeal Abscess       94. Incision of A Pilonidal SINUS/ ABSCESS
70. Tracheoplasty                                        95. Fissure In Ano Sphincterotomy
5. Gastroenterology Related:                             96. Surgical Treatment of A Varicocele and A Hydrocele
71. Cholecystectomy and Choledocho- Jejunostomy/
                                                                 of the Spermatic Cord
        Duodenostomy/ Gastrostomy/ ExplorationCommon     97. Orchidopexy
        Bile Duct                                        98. Abdominal Exploration In Cryptorchidism
72. Esophagoscopy, Gastroscopy, Duodenoscopy With        99. Surgical Treatment of Anal Fistulas
        Polypectomy/ Removal of foreign Body/ Diathermy  100. Division of the Anal Sphincter (Sphincterotomy)
        of Bleeding Lesions                              101. Epididymectomy
73. Pancreatic Pseudocyst EUS & Drainage                 102. Incision of the Breast Abscess
74. RF Ablation for Barrett's Oesophagus                 103. Operations on the Nipple
75. ERCP and Papillotomy                                 104. Excision of Single Breast Lump
76. Esophagoscope and Sclerosant Injection               105. Incision and Excision of Tissue In the Perianal
77. EUS + Submucosal Resection
78. Construction of Gastrostomy Tube                             Region
79. EUS + Aspiration Pancreatic Cyst                     106. Surgical Treatment of Hemorrhoids
80. Small Bowel Endoscopy (therapeutic)                  107. Other Operations on the Anus
81. Colonoscopy, Lesion Removal                          108. Ultrasound Guided Aspirations
                                                         109. Sclerotherapy, Etc.
                                                         110. Laparotomy for Grading Lymphoma With

                                                                 Splenectomy/ Liver/ Lymph Node Biopsy

CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526                                                                                  50
 111. therapeutic Laparoscopy With Laser     135. UGI Scopy and Polypectomy
 112. Appendicectomy With/ Without Drainage  136. Breast Abscess I&D Oesophagus
 113. Infected Keloid Excision               137. Feeding Gastrostomy
 114. Axillary Lymphadenectomy               138. Oesophagoscopy and Biopsy of Growth Oesophagus
 115. Wound Debridement and Cover            139. ERCP- Bile Duct Stone Removal
 116. Abscess- Decompression                 140. Ileostomy Closure
 117. Cervical Lymphadenectomy               141. Colonoscopy
 118. Infected Sebaceous Cyst                142. Polypectomy Colon
 113. Infected Keloid Excision               143. Splenic Abscesses Laparoscopic Drainage
 114. Axillary Lymphadenectomy               144. UGI Scopy and Polypectomy Stomach
 115. Wound Debridement and Cover            145. Rigid Oesophagoscopy for Fb Removal
 116. Abscess- Decompression                 146. Feeding Jejunostomy
 117. Cervical Lymphadenectomy               147. Colostomy
 118. Infected Sebaceous Cyst                148. Ileostomy
 119. Inguinal Lymphadenectomy               149. Colostomy Closure
 120. Incision and Drainage of Abscess       150. Submandibular Salivary Duct Stone Removal
 121. Suturing of Lacerations                151. Pneumatic Reduction of Intussusception
 122. Scalp Suturing                         152. Varicose Veins Legs- Injection Sclerotherapy
 123. Infected Lipoma Excision               153. Rigid Oesophagoscopy for Plummer Vinson
 124. Maximal Anal Dilatation
 125. Piles                                          Syndrome
 126. A) Injection Sclerotherapy             154. Pancreatic Pseudocysts Endoscopic Drainage
 127. B)Piles Banding                        155. Zadek's Nail Bed Excision
 128. Liver Abscess- Catheter Drainage       156. Subcutaneous Mastectomy
 129. Fissure In Ano- Fissurectomy           157. Excision of Ranula Under GA
 130. Fibroadenoma Breast Excision           158. Rigid Oesophagoscopy for Dilation of Benign
 131. Oesophageal Varices Sclerotherapy
 132. ERCP- Pancreatic Duct Stone Removal            Strictures
 133. Perianal Abscess I&D                   159. Eversion of SAC
 134. Perianal Hematoma Evacuation           160. Unilateral
                                             161. Ilateral
51                                           162. Lord's Plication
                                             163. Jaboulay's Procedure
                                             164. Scrotoplasty

                                                                                                                                                                29
                                                                                                                                    CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
165. Circumcision for Trauma                         189. Insufflations Of The Fallopian
166. Meatoplasty                                     190. Other Operations on the Fallopian Tube
167. Intersphincteric Abscess Incision and Drainage  191. Dilatation of the Cervical Canal
168. Psoas Abscess Incision and Drainage             192. Conisation of the Uterine Cervix
169. Thyroid Abscess Incision and Drainage           193. therapeutic Curettage With Colposcopy/ Lesions of
170. Tips Procedure for Portal Hypertension
171. Esophageal Growth Stent                                 Uterus
172. Pair Procedure of Hydatid Cyst Liver            194. Laser therapy of Cervix for Various
168. Psoas Abscess Incision and Drainage             195. Other Operations on the Uterine Cervix
169. Thyroid Abscess Incision and Drainage           196. Incision of the Uterus (Hysterectomy)
170. Tips Procedure for Portal Hypertension          197. Local Excision and Destruction of Diseased Tissue
171. Esophageal Growth Stent
172. Pair Procedure of Hydatid Cyst Liver                    of the Vagina and the Pouch of Douglas
173. Tru Cut Liver Biopsy                            198. Incision of Vagina
174. Photodynamic therapy Or Esophageal Tumour and   199. Incision of Vulva
                                                     200. Culdotomy
        Lung Tumour                                  201. Salpingo- Oophorectomy Via Laparotomy
175. Excision of Cervical RIB                        202. Endoscopic Polypectomy
176. Laparoscopic Reduction of Intussusception       203. Hysteroscopic Removal of Myoma
177. Microdochectomy Breast                          204. D&C
178. Surgery for Fracture Penis                      205. Hysteroscopic Resection of Septum
179. Sentinel Node Biopsy                            206. thermal Cauterisation of Cervix
180. Parastomal Hernia                               207. Mirena Insertion
181. Revision Colostomy                              208. Hysteroscopic Adhesiolysis
182. Prolapsed Colostomy- Correction                 209. Leep
183. Testicular Biopsy                               210. Cryocauterisation of Cervix
184. Laparoscopic Cardiomyotomy(Hellers)             211. Polypectomy Endometrium
185. Sentinel Node Biopsy Malignant Melanoma         212. Hysteroscopic Resection of Fibroid
186. Laparoscopic Pyloromyotomy(Ramstedt)            213. Lletz
7. Gynecology Related:                               214. Conization
187. Operations on Bartholin's Glands (Cyst)         215. Polypectomy Cervix
188. Incision of the Ovary                           216. Hysteroscopic Resection of Endometrial Polyp
                                                     217. Vulval Wart Excision
                                                     218. Laparoscopic Paraovarian Cyst Excision

CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526                                                                              52
219. Uterine Artery Embolization                    248. Entrapment Neuropathy Release
220. Laparoscopic Cystectomy                        249. Diagnostic Cerebral Angiography
221. Hymenectomy (Imperforate Hymen)                250. VP Shunt
222. Endometrial Ablation                           251. Ventriculoatrial Shunt
223. Vaginal Wall Cyst Excision                     9. Oncology Related:
224. Vulval Cyst Excision                           252. Radiotherapy for Cancer
225. Laparoscopic Paratubal Cyst Excision           253. Cancer Chemotherapy
226. Repair of Vagina (Vaginal Atresia)             254. IV Push Chemotherapy
227. Hysteroscopy, Removal of Myoma                 255. HBI- Hemibody Radiotherapy
228. TURBT                                          256. Infusional Targeted therapy
229. Ureterocoele Repair- Congenital Internal       257. SRT- Stereotactic Arc therapy
230. Vaginal Mesh for POP                           258. Sc Administration of Growth Factors
231. Laparoscopic Myomectomy                        259. Continuous Infusional Chemotherapy
232. Surgery for SUI                                260. Infusional Chemotherapy
233. Repair Recto- Vagina Fistula                   261. CCRT- Concurrent Chemo + RT
234. Pelvic Floor Repair(Excluding Fistula Repair)  262. 2D Radiotherapy
235. URS + LL                                       263. 3D Conformal Radiotherapy
236. Laparoscopic Oophorectomy                      264. IGRT- Image Guided Radiotherapy
237. Normal Vaginal Delivery and Variants           265. IMRT- Step & Shoot
8. Neurology Related:                               266. Infusional Bisphosphonates
238. Facial Nerve Physiotherapy                     267. IMRT- DMLC
239. Nerve Biopsy                                   268. Rotational ARC therapy
240. Muscle Biopsy                                  269. Tele Gamma therapy
241. Epidural Steroid Injection                     270. FSRT- Fractionated SRT
242. Glycerol Rhizotomy                             271. VMAT- Volumetric Modulated ARC therapy
243. Spinal Cord Stimulation                        272. SBRT- Stereotactic Body Radiotherapy
244. Motor Cortex Stimulation                       273. Helical tomotherapy
245. Stereotactic Radiosurgery                      274. SRS- Stereotactic Radiosurgery
246. Percutaneous Cordotomy                         275. X- Knife SRS
247. Intrathecal Baclofen therapy                   276. Gammaknife SRS

53                                                  CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
277. TBI- total Body Radiotherapy                       10. Operations on the Salivary Glands & Salivary
278. Intraluminal Brachytherapy                                 Ducts:
279. Electron therapy
280. TSET- Total Electron Skin therapy                  307. Incision and Lancing of A Salivary Gland and A
281. Extracorporeal Irradiation of Blood Products               Salivary Duct
282. Telecobalt therapy
283. Telecesium therapy                                 308. Excision of Diseased Tissue of A Salivary Gland
284. External Mould Brachytherapy                               and A Salivary Duct
285. Interstitial Brachytherapy
286. Intracavity Brachytherapy                          309. Resection of A Salivary Gland
287. 3D Brachytherapy
288. Implant Brachytherapy                              310. Reconstruction of A Salivary Gland and A
289. Intravesical Brachytherapy                                 Salivaryduct
290. Adjuvant Radiotherapy
291. Afterloading Catheter Brachytherapy                311. Other Operations on the Salivary Glands and
292. Conditioning Radiothearpy for BMT                          Salivary Ducts
293. Extracorporeal Irradiation to the Homologous Bone
                                                        11. Operations on the Skin & Subcutaneous Tissues:
        Grafts
294. Radical Chemotherapy                               312. Other Incisions of the Skin and Subcutaneous
295. Neoadjuvant Radiotherapy                                   Tissues
296. LDR Brachytherapy
297. Palliative Radiotherapy                            313. Surgical Wound toilet (Wound Debridement)
298. Radical Radiotherapy                                       and Removal of Diseased Tissue of the Skin and
299. Palliative Chemotherapy                                    Subcutaneous Tissues
300. Template Brachytherapy
301. Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy                           314. Local Excision of Diseased Tissue of the Skin and
302. Adjuvant Chemotherapy                                      Subcutaneous Tissues
303. Induction Chemotherapy
304. Consolidation Chemotherapy                         315. Other Excisions of the Skin and Subcutaneous
305. Maintenance Chemotherapy                                   Tissues
306. HDR Brachytherapy
                                                        316. Simple Restoration of Surface Continuity of the
                                                                Skin and Subcutaneous Tissues

                                                        317. Free Skin Transplantation, Donor Site

                                                        318. Free Skin Transplantation, Recipient Site

                                                        319. Revision of Skin Plasty

                                                        320. Other Restoration and Reconstruction of the Skin
                                                                and Subcutaneous Tissues.

                                                        321. Chemosurgery to the Skin.

                                                        322. Destruction of Diseased Tissue In the Skin and
                                                                Subcutaneous Tissues

                                                        323. Reconstruction of Deformity/ Defect In Nail Bed

                                                        324. Excision of Bursirtis

                                                        325. Tennis Elbow Release

                                                        12. Operations on the tongue:

                                                        326. Incision, Excision and Destruction of Diseased
                                                                Tissue of the tongue

                                                        327. Partial Glossectomy

                                                        328. Glossectomy

                                                        329. Reconstruction of the tongue

                                                        330. Other Operations on the tongue

                                                        13. Ophthalmology Related:

CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526                                                                                 54
331. Surgery for Cataract                                  359. Suture and Other Operations on Tendons and
                                                                   Tendon Sheath
332. Incision of Tear Glands
                                                           360. Reduction of Dislocation Under Ga
333. Other Operations on the Tear Ducts                    361. Arthroscopic Knee Aspiration
                                                           362. Surgery for Ligament Tear
334. Incision of Diseased Eyelids                          363. Surgery for Hemoarthrosis/ Pyoarthrosis
                                                           364. Removal of Fracture Pins/ Nails
335. Excision and Destruction of Diseased Tissue of the    365. Removal of Metal Wire
        Eyelid                                             366. Closed Reduction on Fracture, Luxation
                                                           367. Reduction of Dislocation Under Ga
336. Operations on the Canthus and Epicanthus              368. Epiphyseolysis With Osteosynthesis
                                                           369. Excision of Various Lesions In Coccyx
337. Corrective Surgery for Entropion and Ectropion        370. Arthroscopic Repair of Acl Tear Knee
                                                           371. Closed Reduction of Minor Fractures
338. Corrective Surgery for Blepharoptosis                 372. Arthroscopic Repair of Pcl Tear Knee
                                                           373. Tendon Shortening
339. Removal of A foreign Body from the Conjunctiva        374. Arthroscopic Meniscectomy- Knee
                                                           375. Treatment of Clavicle Dislocation
340. Removal of A foreign Body from the Cornea             376. Haemarthrosis Knee- Lavage
                                                           377. Abscess Knee Joint Drainage
341. Incision of the Cornea                                378. Carpal Tunnel Release
                                                           379. Closed Reduction of Minor Dislocation
342. Operations for Pterygium                              380. Repair of Knee Cap Tendon
                                                           381. Orif with K Wire Fixation- Small Bones
343. Other Operations on the Cornea                        382. Release of Midfoot Joint
                                                           383. Orif with Plating- Small Long Bones
344. Removal of A foreign Body from the Lens of the        384. Implant Removal Minor
        Eye                                                385. K Wire Removal
                                                           386. POP Application
345. Removal of A foreign Body from the Posterior          387. Closed Reduction and External Fixation
        Chamber of the Eye                                 388. Arthrotomy Hip Joint

346. Removal of A foreign Body from the Orbit and
        Eyeball

347. Correction of Eyelid Ptosis by Levator Palpebrae
        Superioris Resection (Bilateral)

348. Correction of Eyelid Ptosis by Fascia Lata Graft
        (Bilateral)

349. Diathermy/ Cryotherapy to Treat Retinal Tear

350. Anterior Chamber Paracentesis/ Cyclodiathermy/
        Cyclocryotherapy/ Goniotomy/ Trabeculotomy and
        Filtering and Allied Operations to Treat Glaucoma

351. Enucleation of Eye Without Implant

352. Dacryocystorhinostomy for Various Lesions of
        Lacrimal Gland

353. Laser Photocoagulation to Treat Ratinal Tear

354. Biopsy of Tear Gland

355. Treatment of Retinal Lesion

14. Orthopedics Related:

356. Surgery for Meniscus Tear

357. Incision on Bone, Septic and Aseptic

358. Closed Reduction on Fracture, Luxation Or
        Epiphyseolysis With Osteosynthesis

55                                                         CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
389. Syme's Amputation                    419. Tendon Transfer Procedure
390. Arthroplasty                         420. Removal of Knee Cap Bursa
391. Partial Removal of RIB               421. Treatment of Fracture of ULNA
392. Treatment of Sesamoid Bone Fracture  422. Treatment of Scapula Fracture
393. Shoulder Arthroscopy/ Surgery        423. Removal of Tumor of Arm/ Elbow Under RA/ GA
394. Elbow Arthroscopy                    424. Repair of Ruptured Tendon
395. Amputation of Metacarpal Bone        425. Decompress forearm Space
396. Release of Thumb Contracture         426. Revision of Neck Muscle (Torticollis Release)
397. Incision of Foot Fascia              427. Lengthening of Thigh Tendons
398. Calcaneum Spur Hydrocort injection   428. Treatment Fracture of Radius & ULNA
399. Ganglion Wrist Hyalase injection     429. Repair of Knee Joint
400. Partial Removal of Metatarsal        15. Other Operations on the Mouth & Face
401. Repair/ Graft of Foot Tendon         430. External incision and Drainage in the Region of the
402. Revision/ Removal of Knee Cap
403. Amputation Follow- Up Surgery                Mouth, Jaw and Face
404. Exploration of Ankle Joint           431. incision of the Hard and Soft Palate
405. Remove/ Graft Leg Bone Lesion        432. Excision and Destruction of Diseased Hard and Soft
406. Repair/ Graft Achilles Tendon
407. Remove of Tissue Expander                    Palate
408. Biopsy Elbow Joint Lining            433. incision, Excision and Destruction in the Mouth
409. Removal of Wrist Prosthesis          434. Other Operations in the Mouth
410. Biopsy Finger Joint Lining           16. Pediatric Surgery Related:
411. Tendon Lengthening                   435. Excision of Fistula- in- ANO
412. Treatment of Shoulder Dislocation    436. Excision Juvenile Polyps Rectum
413. Lengthening of Hand Tendon           437. Vaginoplasty
414. Removal of Elbow Bursa               438. Dilatation of Accidental Caustic Stricture
415. Fixation of Knee Joint
416. Treatment of Foot Dislocation                Oesophageal
417. Surgery of Bunion                    439. Presacral Teratomas Excision
418. INTRA Articular Steroid injection    440. Removal of Vesical Stone
                                          441. Excision Sigmoid Polyp
CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526           442. Sternomastoid Tenotomy
                                          443. infantile Hypertrophic Pyloric Stenosis

                                                  Pyloromyotomy
                                          444. Excision of Soft Tissue Rhabdomyosarcoma
                                          445. Mediastinal Lymph Node Biopsy
                                          446. High Orchidectomy for Testis Tumours

                                                                                                                          56
447. Excision of Cervical Teratoma                       474. Haemodialysis
448. Rectal- Myomectomy
449. Rectal Prolapse (Delorme's Procedure)               475. Lithotripsy/ Nephrolithotomy for Renal Calculus
450. Detorsion of Torsion Testis
451. EUA + Biopsy Multiple Fistula in ANO                476. Excision of Renal Cyst
452. Cystic Hygroma- injection Treatment
17. Plastic Surgery Related:                             477. Drainage of Pyonephrosis/ Perinephric
453. Construction Skin Pedicle Flap                              Abscess
454. Gluteal Pressure Ulcer- Excision
455. Muscle- Skin Graft, Leg                             478. incision of the Prostate
456. Removal of Bone for Graft
457. Muscle- Skin Graft Duct Fistula                     479. Transurethral Excision and Destruction of Prostate
458. Removal Cartilage Graft                                     Tissue
459. Myocutaneous Flap
460. Fibro Myocutaneous Flap                             480. Transurethral and Percutaneous Destruction of
461. Breast Reconstruction Surgery After Mastectomy              Prostate Tissue
462. Sling Operation for Facial Palsy
463. Split Skin Grafting Under RA                        481. Open Surgical Excision and Destruction of Prostate
464. Wolfe Skin Graft                                            Tissue
465. Plastic Surgery to the Floor of the Mouth Under GA
18. Thoracic Surgery Related:                            482. Radical Prostatovesiculectomy
466. Thoracoscopy and Lung Biopsy
467. Excision of Cervical Sympathetic Chain              483. Other Excision and Destruction of Prostate Tissue

        Thoracoscopic                                    484. Operations on the Seminal Vesicles
468. Laser Ablation of Barrett's Oesophagus
469. Pleurodesis                                         485. Incision and Excision of Periprostatic Tissue
470. Thoracoscopy and Pleural Biopsy
471. Ebus + Biopsy                                       486. Other Operations on the Prostate
472. Thoracoscopy Ligation Thoracic Duct
473. Thoracoscopy Assisted Empyaema Drainage             487. incision of the Scrotum and Tunica Vaginalis Testis
19. Urology Related:
                                                         488. Operation on a Testicular Hydrocele

                                                         489. Excision and Destruction of Diseased Scrotal Tissue

                                                         490. Other Operations on the Scrotum and Tunica
                                                                 Vaginalis Testis

                                                         491. incision of the Testes

                                                         492. Excision and Destruction of Diseased Tissue of the
                                                                 Testes

                                                         493. Unilateral Orchidectomy

                                                         494. Bilateral Orchidectomy

                                                         495. Surgical Repositioning of an Abdominal Testis

                                                         496. Reconstruction of the Testis

                                                         497. Implantation, Exchange and Removal of a Testicular
                                                                 Prosthesis

                                                         498. Other Operations on the Testis

                                                         499. Excision in the Area of the Epididymis

                                                         500. Operations on the foreskin

                                                         501. Local Excision and Destruction of Diseased Tissue
                                                                 of the Penis

                                                         502. Amputation of the Penis

57                                                       CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
503. Other Operations on the Penis                    533. Frenular Tear Repair
504. Cystoscopical Removal of Stones
505. Catheterisation of Bladder                       534. Meatotomy for Meatal Stenosis
506. Lithotripsy
507. Biopsy oftemporal Artery for Various Lesions     535. Surgery for Fournier's Gangrene Scrotum
508. External Arterio- Venous Shunt
509. AV Fistula- Wrist                                536. Surgery Filarial Scrotum
510. URSL with Stenting
511. URSL with Lithotripsy                            537. Surgery for Watering Can Perineum
512. Cystoscopic Litholapaxy
513. ESWL                                             538. Repair of Penile Torsion
514. Bladder Neck incision
515. Cystoscopy & Biopsy                              539. Drainageofprostate Abscess
516. Cystoscopy and Removal of Polyp
517. Suprapubic Cystostomy                            540. Orchiectomy
518. Percutaneous Nephrostomy
519. Cystoscopy and `Sling' Procedure.                541. Cystoscopy and Removal of FB
520. Tuna- Prostate
521. Excision of Urethral Diverticulum                Note: This list is not exhaustive, only illustrative. Due to Technological advancement any treatment
522. Removal of Urethral Stone                        considered by the Indian Medical Council as Day Care surgery/ procedure, such treatments would
523. Excision of Urethral Prolapse                    also be considered for Day care surgeries/ procedures.
524. Mega- Ureter Reconstruction                      Hence it is requested to verify Company's website for detailed list of updated Day Care Surgeries/
525. Kidney Renoscopy and Biopsy                      procedures for easy understanding purposes.
526. Ureter Endoscopy and Treatment
527. Vesico Ureteric Reflux Correction
528. Surgery for Pelvi Ureteric Junction Obstruction
529. anderson Hynes Operation
530. Kidney Endoscopy and Biopsy
531. Paraphimosis Surgery
532. injury Prepuce- Circumcision

CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526                       58
Annexure II - List of Expenses Generally Excluded ("Non-medical") in Hospital Indemnity Policy

Sr. No. List I ­ Optional Items

    1  Baby Food                            37 Spirometre
                                            38 Nebulizer Kit
    2  Baby Utilities Charges               39 Steam Inhaler
                                            40 Armsling
    3  Beauty Services
                                            41 Thermometer
    4  Belts/ Braces                        42 Cervical Collar
                                            43 Splint
    5  Buds                                 44 Diabetic Foot Wear
                                            45 Knee Braces (long/ Short/ Hinged)
    6  Cold Pack/hot Pack                   46 Knee Immobilizer/shoulder

    7  Carry Bags                                     Immobilizer
                                            47 Lumbo Sacral Belt
    8  Email / Internet Charges             48 Nimbus Bed Or Water Or Air Bed

    9  Food Charges (other Than Patient's             Charges
                                            49 Ambulance Collar
       Diet Provided By Hospital)           50 Ambulance Equipment
                                            51 Abdominal Binder
    10 Leggings                             52 Private Nurses Charges- Special

    11 Laundry Charges                                Nursing Charges
                                            53 Sugar Free Tablets
    12 Mineral Water                        54 Creams Powders Lotions (toiletries Are

    13 Sanitary Pad                                   Not Payable, Only Prescribed Medical
                                                      Pharmaceuticals Payable)
    14 Telephone Charges                    55 Ecg Electrodes
    15 Guest Services                       56 Gloves
                                            57 Nebulisation Kit
    16 Crepe Bandage                        58 Any Kit With No Details Mentioned
                                                      [delivery Kit, Orthokit, Recovery
    17 Diaper Of Any Type                             Kit, Etc]
                                            59 Kidney Tray
    18 Eyelet Collar                        60 Mask
                                            61 Ounce Glass
    19 Slings                               62 Oxygen Mask
                                            63 Pelvic Traction Belt
    20 Blood Grouping And Cross             64 Pan Can
              Matching Of Donors Samples    65 Trolly Cover
                                            66 Urometer, Urine Jug
    21 Service Charges Where Nursing        67 Ambulance
              Charge Also Charged           68 Vasofix Safety

    22 Television Charges

    23 Surcharges

    24 Attendant Charges

    25 Extra Diet Of Patient (other Than
              That Which Forms Part Of Bed
              Charge)

    26 Birth Certificate

    27 Certificate Charges

    28 Courier Charges

    29 Conveyance Charges

    30 Medical Certificate

    31 Medical Records

    32 Photocopies Charges

    33 Mortuary Charges

    34 Walking Aids Charges

    35 Oxygen Cylinder (for Usage
              Outside The Hospital)

    36 Spacer

59                                          CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
Sr. No. List II ­ Items that are to be subsumed into  35 Incidental Expenses / Misc.
            Room Charges                                        Charges (not Explained)

1  Baby Charges (unless                               36 Patient Identification Band / Name
                                                                Tag
   Specified/indicated)
                                                      37 Pulseoxymeter Charges
2  Hand Wash

3  Shoe Cover                                         Sr. No. List III ­ Items that are to be subsumed
                                                                into Procedure Charges
4  Caps

5  Cradle Charges                                     1  Hair Removal Cream

6  Comb                                               2  Disposables Razors Charges (for Site

                                                         Preparations)

7  Eau-de-cologne / Room Freshners

                                                      3  Eye Pad

8  Foot Cover

                                                      4  Eye Sheild

9  Gown

                                                      5  Camera Cover

10 Slippers

                                                      6  Dvd, Cd Charges

11 Tissue Paper                                       7  Gause Soft
12 Tooth Paste

                                                      8  Gauze

13 Tooth Brush

                                                      9  Ward And Theatre Booking

14 Bed Pan                                               Charges

15 Face Mask                                          10 Arthroscopy And Endoscopy
                                                                Instruments
16 Flexi Mask

17 Hand Holder                                        11 Microscope Cover

18 Sputum Cup                                         12 Surgical Blades,
                                                                Harmonicscalpel,shaver
19 Disinfectant Lotions
                                                      13 Surgical Drill

20 Luxury Tax                                         14 Eye Kit

21 Hvac

22 House Keeping Charges                              15 Eye Drape
                                                      16 X-ray Film

23 Air Conditioner Charges

                                                      17 Boyles Apparatus Charges

24 Im Iv Injection Charges                            18 Cotton
25 Clean Sheet                                        19 Cotton Bandage
                                                      20 Surgical Tape
26 Blanket/warmer Blanket

27 Admission Kit                                      21 Apron
                                                      22 Torniquet
28 Diabetic Chart Charges

29 Documentation Charges /                            23 Orthobundle, Gynaec Bundle
          Administrative Expenses

30 Discharge Procedure Charges

31 Daily Chart Charges

32 Entrance Pass / Visitors Pass
          Charges

33 Expenses Related To Prescription
          On Discharge

34 File Opening Charges

CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526                                                                         60
Sr. No. List IV ­ Items that are to be subsumed into costs Sr. No. List V ­ Additional Non Payable Items
            of treatment

    1  Admission/ Registration Charges   1  Brush

    2  Hospitalisation For Evaluation/   2  Cosy Towel

       Diagnostic Purpose                3  Moisturiser Paste Brush

    3  Urine Container                   4  Powder

    4  Blood Reservation Charges And     5  Barber Charges

       Ante Natal Booking Charges

    5  Bipap Machine                     6  Oil Charges

    6  Cpap/ Capd Equipments             7  Bed Under Pad Charges

                                         8  Cost Of Spectacles/ Contact Lenses/

    7  Infusion Pump­ Cost                  Hearing Aids, Etc.,

    8  Hydrogen Peroxide\spirit\         9  Dental Treatment Expenses That

       Disinfectants Etc                    Do Not Require Hospitalisation

    9  Nutrition Planning Charges -      10 Home Visit Charges

       Dietician Charges - Diet Charges

    10 Hiv Kit                           11 Donor Screening Charges

    11 Antiseptic Mouthwash              12 Band Aids, Bandages, Sterlile
                                                   Injections, Needles, Syringes

    12 Lozenges                          13 Blade

    13 Mouth Paint                       14 Maintainance Charges

    14 Vaccination Charges               15 Preparation Charges

    15 Alcohol Swabes                    16 Washing Charges

    16 Scrub Solution/sterillium         17 Medicine Box

    17 Glucometer & Strips               18 Commode

    18 Urine Bag                         19 Digestion Gels

                                         20 Novarapid

                                         21 Volini Gel/ Analgesic Gel

                                         22 Zytee Gel
                                         23 Ahd

                                         24 Visco Belt Charges

                                         25 Examination Gloves

                                         26 Outstation Consultant's/
                                                   Surgeon's Fees

                                         27 Paper Gloves

                                         28 Referal Doctor's Fees

                                         29 Sofnet

                                         30 Softovac

                                         31 Stockings

61                                                                     CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
                                 Annexure III - List of Hospitals where Claim will not be admitted

Hospital Name                    Address

Nulife Hospital And Maternity Centre 1616 Outram Lines,Kingsway Camp,Guru Teg Bahadur Nagar , New Delhi , Delhi

Taneja Hospital                  F-15,Vikas Marg, Preet Vihar , New Delhi , Delhi

Shri Komal Hospital & Dr.Saxena's Opp. Radhika Cinema,Circular Road , Rewari , Haryana
Nursing Home

Sona Devi Memorial Hospital &    Sohna Road, Badshahpur , Gurgaon , Haryana
Trauma Centre

Amar Hospital                    Sector-70,S.A.S.Nagar, Mohali, Sector 70 , Mohali , Punjab

Brij Medical Centre              K K 54, Kavi Nagar , Ghaziabad , Uttar Pradesh

Famliy Medicare                  A-55,Sector 61, Rajat Vihar Sector 62 , Noida , Uttar Pradesh

Jeevan Jyoti Hospital            162,Lowther Road, Bai Ka Bagh , Allahabad , Uttar Pradesh

City Hospital & Trauma Centre    C-1,Cinder Dump Complex,Opposite Krishna Cinema Hall,Kanpur Road, Alambagh
                                 , Lucknow , Uttar Pradesh

Dayal Maternity & Nursing Home No.953/23,D.C.F.Chowk, DLF Colony , Rohtak , Haryana

Metas Adventist Hospital         No.24,Ring-Road,Athwalines, Surat , Surat , Gujarat

Surgicare Medical Centre         Sai Dwar Oberoi Complex,S.A.B.T.V.Lane Road,Lokhandwala,Near Laxmi
                                 Industrial Estate, Andheri , Mumbai , Maharashtra

Paramount General Hospital &     Laxmi Commercial Premises,Andheri Kurla Road , Andheri , Mumbai , Maharashtra
I.C.C.U.

Gokul Hospital                   Thakur Complex , Kandivali East , Mumbai , Maharashtra

Shree Sai Hospital               Gokul Nagri I,Thankur Complex,Western Express Highway, Kandivali East , Mumbai
                                 , Maharashtra

Shreedevi Hospital               Akash Arcade,Bhanu Nagar,Near Bhanu Sagar Theatre,Dr.Deepak Shetty Road,
                                 Kalyan D.C. , Thane , Maharashtra

Saykhedkar Hospital And Research Trimurthy Chowk,Kamatwada Road,Cidco Colony , Nashik , Maharashtra
Centre Pvt. Ltd.

Arpan Hospital And Research Centre No.151/2,Imli Bazar,Near Rajwada, Imli Bazar , Indore , Madhya Pradesh

Ramkrishna Care Hospital         Aurobindo Enclave,Pachpedhi Naka,Dhamtri Road,National Highway No 43, Raipur
                                 , Chhattisgarh

Gupta Multispeciality Hospital   B-20, Vivek Vihar , New Delhi , Delhi

R.K.Hospital                     3C/59,BP,Near Metro Cinema, New Industrial Township 1 , Faridabad , Haryana

Prakash Hospital                 D -12,12A,12B,Noida, Sector 33 , Noida , Uttar Pradesh

Aryan Hospital Pvt. Ltd.         Old Railway Road,Near New Colony, New Colony , Gurgaon , Haryana

Medilink Hospital Research Centre Near Shyamal Char Rasta,132,Ring Road, Satellite , Ahmedabad , Gujarat
Pvt. Ltd.

Mohit Hospital                   Khoya B-Wing,Near National Park,Borivali(E), Kandivali West , Mumbai ,
                                 Maharashtra

Scope Hospital                   628,Niti Khand-I, Indirapuram , Ghaziabad , Uttar Pradesh

Agarwal Medical Centre           E-234,- , Greater Kailash 1 , New Delhi , Delhi

CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526                                                                                  62
Hospital Name                    Address

B.K.S. Hospital                  No.18,1st Cross,Gandhi Nagar, Adyar , Bellary , Karnataka

East West Medical Centre         No.711,Sector 14, Sector 14 , Gurgaon , Haryana

Jagtap Hospital                  Anand Nagar,Sinhgood Road , Anandnagar , Pune , Maharashtra

Dr. Malwankar's Romeen Nursing   Ganesh Marg,Tagore Nagar , Vikhroli East , Mumbai , Maharashtra
Home

Noble Medical Centre             SVP Road, Borivali West , Mumbai , Maharashtra

Rama Hospital                    Sonepat Road,Bahalgarh, Sonipat , Haryana

S.B.Nursing Home & ICU           Lake Bloom 16,17,18 Opposite Solaris Estate, L.T.Gate No.6,Tunga Gaon, Saki-
                                 Vihar Road, Powai , Mumbai , Maharashtra

Saraswati Hospital               Divya Smruti Building, 1st Floor, Opp Toyota Showroom, Malad Link Road, Malad
                                 West , Mumbai , Maharashtra

Shakuntla Hospital               3-B Tashkant Marg,Near St. Joseph Collage, Allahabad , Uttar Pradesh

Mahaveer Hospital & Trauma Centre 76-E,Station Road, Panki , Kanpur , Uttar Pradesh

Eashwar Lakshmi Hospital         Plot No. 9,Near Sub Registrar Office, Gandhi Nagar , Hyderabad , Andhra Pradesh

Amrapali Hospital                Plot No. NH-34,P-2,Omega -1, Greater Noida , Noida , Uttar Pradesh

Hardik Hospital                  29c,Budh Bazar, Vikas Nagar , New Delhi , Delhi

Jabalpur Hospital & Research Centre Russel Crossing,Naptier Town, Jabalpur , Madhya Pradesh
Pvt Ltd

Panvel Hospital                  Plot No. 260A,Uran Naka, Old Panvel , Navi Mumbai , Maharashtra

Santosh Hospital                 L-629/631,Hapur Road, Shastri Nagar , Meerut , Uttar Pradesh

Sona Medical Centre              5/58,Near Police Station, Vikas Nagar , Lucknow , Uttar Pradesh

City Super Speciality Hospital   Near Mohan Petrol Pump,Gohana Road, Rohtak , Haryana

Navjeevan Hospital & Maternity   753/21,Madanpuri Road, Near Pataudi Chowk , Gurgaon , Haryana
Centre

Abhishek Hospital                C-12,New Azad Nagar, Kanpur , Kanpur , Uttar Pradesh

Raj Nursing Home                 23-A, Park Road , Allahabad , Uttar Pradesh

Saras Healthcare Pvt Ltd.        K-112, SEC-12 ,Pratap Vihar , Ghaziabad , Uttar Pradesh

Getwell Soon Multispeciality     S-19, Shalimar Garden Extn. , Near Dayanand Park, Sahibabad , Ghaziabad , Uttar
Institute Pvt Ltd                Pradesh

Shivalik Medical Centre Pvt Ltd  A-93, Sector 34 , Noida , Uttar Pradesh

Aakanksha Hospital               126, Aaradhnanagar Soc,B/H. Bhulkabhavan School, Aanand-Mahal Rd. , Adajan ,
                                 Surat , Gujarat

Abhinav Hospital                 Harsh Apartment,Nr Jamna Nagar Bus Stop, Goddod Road , Surat , Gujarat

Adhar Ortho Hospital             Dawer Chambers,Nr. Sub Jail, Ring Road , Surat , Gujarat

Aris Care Hospital               A 223-224, Mansarovar Soc,60 Feet, Godadara Road , Surat , Gujarat

Arzoo Hospital                   Opp. L.B. Cinema, Bhatar Rd. , Surat , Gujarat

Auc Hospital                     B-44, Gujarat Housing Board, Pandeshara , Surat , Gujarat

63                                                                                             CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
Hospital Name                    Address

Dharamjivan General Hospital &   Karmayogi - 1, Plot No. 20/21, Near Piyush Point, Pandesara , Surat , Gujarat
Trauma Centre

Dr. Santosh Basotia Hospital     Bhatar Road , Bhatar Road , Surat , Gujarat

God Father Hosp.                 344, Nandvan Soc., B/H. Matrushakti Soc. , Puna Gam , Surat , Gujarat

Govind-Prabha Arogya Sankool     Opp. Ratna-Sagar Vidhyalaya,Kaji Medan, Gopipura , Surat , Gujarat

Hari Milan Hospital              L H Road , Surat , Gujarat

Jaldhi Ano-Rectal Hospital       103, Payal Apt., Nxt To Rander Zone Office, Tadwadi , Surat , Gujarat

Jeevan Path Gen. Hospital        2Nd. Fl., Dwarkesh Nagri, Nr. Laxmi Farsan, Sayan , Surat , Gujarat

Kalrav Children Hospital         Yashkamal Complex, Nr. Jivan Jyot, Udhna , Surat , Gujarat

Kanchan General Surgical Hospital Plot No. 380, Ishwarnagar Soc, Bhamroli-Bhatar, Pandesara , Surat , Gujarat

Krishnavati General Hospital     Bamroli Road , Surat , Gujarat

Niramayam Hosptial & Prasutigruah Shraddha Raw House, Near Natures Park , Surat , Gujarat

Patna Hospital                   25, Ashapuri Soc - 2, Bamroli Road, Surat , Gujarat

Poshia Children Hospital         Harekrishan Shoping Complex 1St Floor, Varachha Road , Surat , Gujarat

R.D Janseva Hospital             120 Feet Bamroli Road, Pandesara , Surat , Gujarat

Radha Hospital & Maternity Home 239/240 Bhagunagar Society, Opp Hans Society, L H Road, Varachha Road, Surat ,
                                               Gujarat

Santosh Hospital                 L H Road , Varachha , Surat , Gujarat

Sparsh Multy Specality Hospital & G.I.D.C Road, Nr Udhana Citizan Co-Op.Bank , Surat , Gujarat
Trauma Care Center

Note:
    1. For an updated list of Hospitals, please visit the Company's website.
    2. Only in case of a medical emergency, Claims would be payable if admitted in the above Hospitals on a reimbursement basis.

CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526                                                                                                   64
    Annexure IV - List of Hospitals where Co-Payment of 20% is not applicable under Optional Cover "Smart Select"

Hospital Name                                Address
Chaudhry Eye Centre & Lazer Vision
                                             No.4802, No.24,Bharat Ram Road,Ansari Road,Daryaganj,New
                                             Delhi-110002,Delhi

Sanjeevan Medical Research Centre Pvt. Ltd.  4869/24,Ansari Road, Daryaganj,New Delhi-110002,Delhi
Shree Jeewan Hospital                        67/1, New Rohtak Road,Karol Bagh,New Delhi-110005,Delhi
Fortis Jessa Ram Hospital                    R.B.Seth Jessa Ram Hospital, West Extension Area,Karol Bagh,New
                                             Delhi-110005,Delhi
Jeewan Hospital & Nursing Home Pvt. Ltd.     150, Gate No 1Jeevan Nagar,New Delhi-110014,Delhi
Handa Nursing Home                           57,Near Swadeshi Motor, Raja Garden,New Delhi-110015,Delhi
Khetarpal Hospital
Sawan Neelu Angel'S Nursing Home             F-95 Bali Nagar, Bali Nagar,New Delhi-110015,Delhi
M.K.W.Hospital                               J-293, Near Main Road,Saket,New Delhi-110017,Delhi
                                             T-Block Community Centre, Rajouri Garden,Rajouri Garden,New
Behl Hospital                                Delhi-110027,Delhi
Kuber Hospital                                B-128, Naraina Vihar,New Delhi-110028,Delhi
Satyabhama Hospital Pvt. Ltd.                No.12, Chanderlok Enclave,Pitampura,New Delhi-110034,Delhi
                                             RZ-10,Naresh Park Najafgarh Road,Nangloi,New Delhi-110041,Delhi

Bhagat Chandra Hospital                      R.Z.F.1/1, Near Dwarka Flyover,Palam Davri Road,Mahavir
                                             Enclave,New Delhi-110045,Delhi

Ashok Nursing Home                           F-3/15-16, Vijay Chowk,Krishna Nagar,New Delhi-110051,Delhi
Ganesh Ortho Trauma & Medical Centre         F-15/7, Near BSES Office,Krishna Nagar,New Delhi-110051,Delhi
Panchsheel Hospitals Pvt. Ltd.                C3/64 A, Yamuna Vihar,New Delhi-110053,Delhi
Amar Leela Hospital Pvt. Ltd.                B-1/6,Main Najjafgarh Road, Nearby East Metro
                                             Station,Janakpuri,New Delhi-110058,Delhi

Genesis Hospital Pvt. Ltd.                   C-1/130, Near Mata Chanan Devi Hospital,Janakpuri,New Delhi-
                                             110058,Delhi
Orchid Hospital
Pawan Gandhi Health Care Pvt. Ltd.           C-3/91,92, Janakpuri,New Delhi-110058,Delhi
Sehgal Neo Hospital
                                             C-5D-51, Om Vihar,Uttam Nagar,New Delhi-110059,Delhi
                                             R-364,Meera Bagh, Outer Ring Road,Paschim Vihar,New Delhi-
                                             110063,Delhi

Jeewan Hospital And Nursing Home             150, Gate No 2Jeevan Nagar,New Delhi-110014,Delhi
Samvit Health Care
                                             Plot No.1,Sohna Road,Islampur, Near Rajiv Chowk, Islampur,
                                             Gurgaon-122001, Haryana

Saraswati Hospital                           299/2,Old Delhi Road, Gurgaon,Gurgaon-122001,Haryana
Sethi Hospital Pvt. Ltd.                     No.301-302/4, Model Town,Basai Road,Gurgaon-122001,Haryana
Kriti Hospital                               Plot No.196, Sec-56,Behind Jalvayu Towers,Saraswati Vihar,Gurgaon-
                                             122002,Haryana

Ganesh Hospitals Pvt. Ltd.                   LI-C/3, Near Kalagiri Chowk,Nehru Nagar,Ghaziabad-201001,Uttar
                                             Pradesh
Pushpanjali Crosslay Hospital
Ambay Hospital-A Unit Of Navodya Hospital &  W-3,Sector-1, Vaishali,Ghaziabad-201010,Uttar Pradesh
Research
Gargi Hospital-Unit Of Kaushalya Medical &   No 1,Near St.Thomas School, Sahibabad,Lajpat Nagar 4,Ghaziabad-
Research Centre Pvt. Ltd.                    201005,Uttar Pradesh

                                             R-9,182, Near Alt Centre,Near Sector-10 Market,Raj
                                             Nagar,Ghaziabad-201002,Uttar Pradesh

65                                           CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
Hospital Name                                     Address
Bhatia Nursing Home                               Punjabi Mohalla,Near Gupta Hotel, Mohna Road,Punjabi
                                                  Mohalla,Ghaziabad-201010,Uttar Pradesh
Paras Hosptial
I-Care Eye Hospital                               130 Sector 4, Vaishali,Ghaziabad-201010,Uttar Pradesh
Samvedana Health Services Pvt.Ltd.                E-3A, Sector 26,Noida-201301,Uttar Pradesh
Navin Hospitals Pvt. Ltd.                         B 206 A, Sector- 48,Sector 48,Noida-201301,Uttar Pradesh
Ram Lal Kundan Lal Orthopaedic Hospital           N.H.3,Pocket 2, Greater Noida,Alpha 2,Noida-201308,Uttar Pradesh
                                                  Bunglow Plot No-8, Pandu Nagar,Parpar Ganj Road,Off Mother
Shreya Eye Centre                                 Dairy,Patparganj,New Delhi-110091,Delhi
Malik Radix Health Care
                                                  D-163, Surajmal Vihar,New Delhi-110092,Delhi
Dr.M.L.Gupta Memorial Centre                      C-218, Nirmal Vihar,Vikas Marg,Dayanand Vihar,New Delhi-
                                                  110092,Delhi
Aggarwal Medical Centre
                                                  5E/4 B.P.Railway Road, New Industrial Township 1,Faridabad-
C.K.Memorial Kapoor Hospital                      121001,Haryana
                                                  Jiwan Nagar Gaunchi, Sector 55-F,Jiwan Nagar Gaunchi,Faridabad-
Ashwani Hospital                                  121001,Haryana

Shivmani Hospital                                 No.3B/8A, DAV College Road,Near Eros Institute,Near Chimni Bai
Anuj Hospital                                     Dharamshala,New Industrial Township 1,Faridabad-121001,Haryana
                                                  No.8-D-1, Sector 11,Near H.U.D.A.Market,Sector 11,Faridabad-
Gupta Nursing Home                                121001,Haryana

Sirohi Medical Centre Pvt.Ltd.                    5E/9,B.P,N.I.T, Near Neelam Chowk,New Industrial Township
Lohan Children Hospital                           1,Faridabad-121001,Haryana
National Institute Of Medical Sciences            No.2159-2161,Near Old Market, Old Faridabad,Sector 16,Faridabad-
                                                  121002,Haryana
Ghai Hospital
Geeta Hospital                                    House No: 160,Sector 16-A, Near Capital Bus Stand,Sector
Jaipur Golden Hospital                            16,Faridabad-121002,Haryana
Lall Eye Care Centre                              Clinic Plot No.4&5, Sector 3,Faridabad-121004,Haryana
Mamta Hospital                                    5 C,B.P, N.I.T,Sector 14,Faridabad-121007,Haryana
                                                  Sector 23-A, Near Sector-23 Market,Near Navchetna Hospital,Sector
Metro Heart Institute-Metro Speciality HospitalS  23,Faridabad-121005,Haryana
Pvt. Ltd.                                         Plot No 29, Sector 9,Faridabad-121006,Haryana
Narinder Mohan Hospital And Heart Center          Near H.U.D.A.Market, Near Water Tank,Sector 28,Faridabad-
                                                  121008,Haryana
Paras Hospitals
                                                  2,Institutional Area, Sector 3,Rohini ,New Delhi-110085,Delhi
St.Stephen's Hospital                             New Railway Road, Civil Lines,Gurgaon-122001,Haryana
                                                  877/2,Mata Road, Near Workshop,Civil Lines,Gurgaon-
                                                  122001,Haryana

                                                  Sector -16 A, Sector 16A,Faridabad-121002,Haryana

                                                  Near Mohan Nagar Chowk,Near Police Station, Opposite
                                                  P.N.B.Bank,Mohan Nagar,Ghaziabad-201007,Uttar Pradesh

                                                  C-1,Sushantlok, Sushant Lok Phase 1,Gurgaon,Gurgaon-
                                                  122009,Haryana

                                                  St.Stephen's Hospital Marg,Nawab Ganj, Opposite Tis Hazari Metro
                                                  Station,Tis Hazari,New Delhi-110054,Delhi

CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526                                                                                      66
Hospital Name                           Address
Tirupati Stone Centre and Hospital      6,Gagan Vihar,Near Karkardooma Court, Vikas Marg,New Delhi,New
                                        Delhi-110051,Delhi
Virmani Hospital Pvt. Ltd.              Plot No.8,Commertial Complex, L.S.C.,Mayur Vihar Phase 2,New
                                        Delhi-110091,Delhi
Navjyoti Eye Centre                     No.90, Near Golcha Cinema,Daryaganj,New Delhi-110002,Delhi
Jeewan Mala Hospital Pvt. Ltd.
Bharti Eye Foundation                   67/1,New Rohtak Road, Karol Bagh,New Delhi-110005,Delhi
Rockland Hospitals Ltd                  No.1/3, Near Metro Station,Patel Nagar (E),New Delhi-110008,Delhi
Dr Patnaik's Laser Eye Institute        B-33-34,Qutab Institutional Area, Ber Sarai,New Delhi-110016,Delhi
                                        C2, Near Moolchand Hospital,Lajpat Nagar 2,New Delhi-
Bajaj Eye Care Centre                   110024,Delhi
                                        No.101,Vikas Surya Plot No.7,DDA Community Centre, Road No
Khandelwal Hospital And Urology Centre  44,Pitampura,New Delhi-110034,Delhi
B M Gupta Nursing Home Pvt. Ltd.
Mohan Eye Institute                     B-16, Main Road East Krishna Nagar,Krishna Nagar,New Delhi-
                                        110051,Delhi
EYE Q Super Speciality Eye Hospital     H-11,15, Arya Samaj Road,Uttam Nagar,New Delhi-110059,Delhi
Ayushman Hospital
Santom Hospital Pvt. Ltd.               11-B,Ganga Ram Hospital Marg, Old Rajendra Nagar,New Delhi-
Aastha Eye Centre                       110060,Delhi

Surya Ortho & Trauma Centre             4306, DLF Phase 4,Saraswati Vihar,Gurgaon-122002,Haryana
Aar Pee Hospital
Perfect Wellness Pvt. Ltd. ,Eye Centre  Plot-No 2, H.L.Galleria,Sector 12,Dwarka,New Delhi-110075,Delhi
                                        D-5-6,Outer Ring Road, Prashant Vihar,New Delhi-110085,Delhi
Dr Nand Lal Sharma Memorial Hospital    No.5-R/5, Behind Neelam Petrol Pump,New Industrial Township
Eye Care Centre                         1,Faridabad-121001,Haryana
Vision Eye Centre                       No.5,R/5, New Industrial Township 1,Faridabad-121001,Haryana
                                        1276-P, Near Barkal Chowk,Sector 28,Faridabad-121008,Haryana
Ahuja Laser Eye Centre                  Plot No.7,Sector 27 A, Main Mathura Road,Near Badkhal Road,Sector
Vasan Eye Care Hospital                 27A,Faridabad-121011,Haryana

Sumitra Hospital                        701,Sector-8, Sector 6,Faridabad-121006,Haryana

Maharaja Agrasen Hospital               1368-B, 14/15,Dividing Road,Sector 14,Faridabad-121007,Haryana
Sarvodaya Hospital And Research Centre  No.12/27, Near Arya Samaj Mandir,Patel Nagar,New Delhi-
                                        110008,Delhi
Aakash Hospital                         No.212,Paramanand Colony, GTB Nagar,New Delhi-110009,Delhi
                                        No.36-B,Parvtesh Tower,Pusa Road, Opposite Metro Pillar
Holy Family Hospital                    No.125,Karol Bagh,New Delhi-110005,Delhi
Mata Chanan Devi Hospital
                                        A-119A, Near Prakash Hospital,Sector 35,Noida-201301,Uttar
                                        Pradesh
                                        N.H.-10, West Punjabi Bagh,Punjabi Bagh,New Delhi-110026,Delhi
                                        Sector-8, YMCA Road,Near E.S.I.Hospital,Sector 8,Faridabad-
                                        121002,Haryana
                                        No.90/43, Opposite Green Fields School,Malviya Nagar,New Delhi-
                                        110017,Delhi

                                        Okhla Road, Okhla Vihar,New Delhi-110025,Delhi
                                        C-1, Janakpuri,Rajouri Garden,New Delhi-110058,Delhi

67                                      CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
Hospital Name                                   Address
Rescue Hospital India Pvt. Ltd.                 S-5,Vishwas Park, Behind Sector-3 Petrol Pump,Dwarka,New Delhi-
                                                110059,Delhi
Drishti Eye Centre                              20-21, Fruit Garden,New Industrial Township 1,Faridabad-
                                                121001,Haryana
Mahindru Hospital
Vasan Eye Care Hospital                         E-1,Kiran Garden, Uttam Nagar,New Delhi-110059,Delhi
Visitech Eye Hospital                           A-120, Janakpuri,New Delhi-110058,Delhi
Bhagat Hospitals Pvt Ltd                        R-13, Greater Kailash 1,New Delhi-110048,Delhi
Rockland Hospitals Ltd                          D-2,48/49, Janakpuri,New Delhi-110058,Delhi
Vasan Eye Care Hospital                         H.A.F, Pocket-B,Sector-12,Dwarka,New Delhi-110075,Delhi
                                                F14,Opposite Metro Pillar No. 94, Near Metro Station Gate No.
Vasan Eye Care Hospital                         2,Preet Vihar,New Delhi-110092,Delhi
Vasan Eye Care Hospital                         Plot 500, Opp metro pillar 345,Pitampura,New Delhi-110034,Delhi
                                                Sco-379 & 380, Sector-29,Near Iffco Chowk,Gurgaon,Gurgaon-
Pushpanjali Medical Centre                      122001,Haryana
                                                A-15,Pushpanjali, Vikas Marg Extn,Preet Vihar,New Delhi-
Vasan Eye Care Hospital                         110092,Delhi
                                                E-16, Greater Kailash-1, Opposite HSBC Bank,Greater Kailash,New
Karuna Hospital                                 Delhi-110048,Delhi
Kailash Healthcare Ltd                          D-62, Dilshad Colony,New Delhi-110095,Delhi
Eye Health Clinic                               H-33, Sector 27,Noida,Noida-201301,Uttar Pradesh
Deepak Memorial Hospital                        E-1, Sector 61,Noida,Noida-201307,Uttar Pradesh
                                                5,Institutional Area, Vikas Marg Extn - II,Vikas Marg,New Delhi-
Krishna Hospital & Trauma Centre                110092,Delhi
Mahajan Eye Centre                              J 85, Patel Nagar - I,Ghaziabad,Ghaziabad-201001,Uttar Pradesh
Kailash Hospitals Ltd                           AD-21DA, Outer Ring Road,Pitampura,New Delhi-110034,Delhi
Eternity Hospital                               23 KP-1, Greater Noida,Noida-201308,Uttar Pradesh
Sodhi Nursing Home and Ent Hospital             914, Niti Khand - I,Indirapuram,Ghaziabad-201014,Uttar Pradesh
Sarvodaya Hospital & Research Centre            455, Bhera Enclave,Paschim Vihar,New Delhi-110087,Delhi
Dr. Shroffs Charity Eye Hospital                KJ-7, Kavi Nagar,Ghaziabad-201002,Uttar Pradesh
Sarvodaya Superspeciality Hospital and Heart    5027, Kedarnath Road,Daryaganj,New Delhi-110002,Delhi
Centre                                          D-3, Kavi Nagar,Ghaziabad-201002,Uttar Pradesh
Medicheck Hospital
EYE Q Super Speciality Eye Hospital             1-C,76&53, Near IOB Bank,NIT,Faridabad-121001,Haryana
EYE Q Super Speciality Eye Hospital             Sheetla Hospital, New Railway Road,Gurgaon-122001,Haryana
                                                Basement & 1st Floor, NS-3 AD Block,East of Shalimar Bagh,New
Mohan Swarup Hospital                           Delhi-110088,Delhi

Shishu Sadan Multispeciality Children Hospital  NH 91,GT Road, Opp. Electric Station,Near Baba Peer,Dadri-
Uttam Hospital                                  203207,Uttar Pradesh
ASG Hospital Pvt Ltd                            A-1/169A, Metro Pillar No. 616,Janak Puri,New Delhi-110058,Delhi
                                                E-230, Sector-9,New Vijay Nagar,Ghaziabad-201009,Uttar Pradesh

                                                C-52A, RDC Raj Nagar Distt. Centre,Raj Nagar,Ghaziabad-
                                                201002,Uttar Pradesh

CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526                                                                                   68
Hospital Name                            Address
S.R Krishna Hospital Pvt Ltd
                                         Plot No. 23-24,Jain Park, Opp. Metro Pillar No. 722,723,Matiala
Vision Eye Hospital                      Road,New Delhi-110059,Delhi
Park Hospital                            F-24/136, Sector-7,Rohini,New Delhi-110085,Delhi
J.P. Memorial Hospital                   J-Block, Near Court,Sector - 10,Faridabad-121004,Haryana
Kathuria Hospital                        F-189, Dilshad Colony,New Delhi-110095,Delhi
                                         19/8,Model Town, Opp. S.D. School,Khandsa Road,Gurgaon-
Foresight Eye Clinic                     122001,Haryana
                                         106,RPS Flats, Sheikh Sarai - 1,Opp. Apeejay School,Malviya
Roopali Medical Centre Pvt Ltd           Nagar,New Delhi-110017,Delhi
Royale Multispeciality Hospital
                                         C/477A, Yamuna Vihar,Yamuna Vihar,New Delhi-110053,Delhi
Eye7 Chaudhary Eye Centre                B-5, Central Green,NIT NH-5,Near B.K Chowk,Faridabad-
                                         121001,Haryana
Kalyani Hospital Pvt Ltd
Mata Roop Rani Mggo & Mahindru Hospital  34 Grd Floor, Lajpat Nagar-IV,Main Ring Road,Lajpat Nagar,New
Gautam Nursing home & Maternity Centre   Delhi-110024,Delhi
Shri Daya Dutt Vashist Hospital          354/2, Mehravli,Gurgaon Road,Gurgaon-122001,Haryana
                                         C-9, Om Vihar,Phase-1,Uttamnagar,New Delhi-110059,Delhi
B R Memorial Hospital                    D-2/148, Jeewan Park,Pankha Road,New Delhi-110059,Delhi
Sunetra Eye Centre Pvt Ltd
                                         J-34,Ganga Ram Vatika, Near Raj Cinema,Chowkhandi,Tilak
Vasan Eye Care Hospital                  Nagar,New Delhi-110018,Delhi
Vasan Eye Care Hospital
                                         FCA-103, Mukesh Colony,Ballabgarh,Faridabad-121004,Haryana
Nav Drishti Eye Centre                   KC-120, C-Block,C-Block Market,Kavi Nagar,Ghaziabad-
                                         201002,Uttar Pradesh
Save Sight Centre
Ahooja Eye & Dental Institute            B-190, Derawal nagar,Model Town,New Delhi-110009,Delhi

M. R Hospital & Orthopaedic Centre       # A-6/A, First and Second Floor,Nehru Ground, New Industrial
                                         Township 1, Industrial Township,Haryana Neelam Batta
Chopra Eye Hospital                      Road,Faridabad-121001,Haryana
Hi-Tech Eye Centre
Holy Child Nursing Home                  B-5/351, Yamuna Vihar,Opp. Maharaja Agarsen Park,New Delhi-
Jeevan Hospital & Stone Centre           110053,Delhi
                                         A-14, G.T karnal Road,Adarsh Nagar,New Delhi-110033,Delhi
Dr. Nanda Eye Care Centre                560/1, Dayanand Colony,New Railway Road,Gurgaon-
Patel Hospital                           122001,Haryana

                                         C1-3, Rama Park Near Dwarka Mor Metro Station,Opp. Pillar No.
                                         772,New Delhi-110059,Delhi

                                         H.No-3, Pkt-C-8,Sec-7,Rohini,New Delhi-110085,Delhi
                                         A-12, 1st Floor,Vikas Puri,New Delhi-110018,Delhi
                                         C-43-44, East Krishna Nagar,New Delhi-110051,Delhi

                                         GT Road, Near Amber Cinema,Modi Nagar,Ghaziabad-201201,Uttar
                                         Pradesh

                                         A-200, Sector-8,Dwarka,New Delhi-110075,Delhi
                                         U-158, Main Vikas Marg,Shakarpur,New Delhi-110092,Delhi

69                                       CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
Hospital Name                                Address
Cygnus Orthocare Hospital
Agrawal Eye Institute                        C-5/29, Opp. IIT Gate,Safdarjung Development Area,,New Delhi-
Pushpawati Singhania Research Institute      110016,Delhi
Qrg Central Hospital & Research Centre Ltd.
Sant Parmanand Hospital                      A-235, Shivalik,Malviya Nagar,New Delhi-110017,Delhi
Lotus Hospital
Yashomati Hospital Pvt. Ltd.                 Press Enclave Marg, Sheikh Sarai Phase 2,New Delhi-110017,Delhi
Vishwabharathi Hospital Pvt Ltd
Vijaya ENT Care Centre                       Plot No -69,Sec 20 A,Near Neelam Flyover, Ajronda Chowk,Sector 20
Vasan Eye Care Hospital                      A,Faridabad-121001,Haryana
Vasan Eye Care Hospital
Vasan Eye Care Hospital                      18,Sham Nath Marg, Civil Lines,New Delhi-110054,Delhi

Vasan Eye Care Hospital                      389-3, Mata Road,Prem Nagar 2,Gurgaon-122001,Haryana
Vasan Eye Care Hospital
                                             No.237 1,3,HAL Airport, Varthur Main Road, Munnekolala Bangalore
Vagus Super Speciality Hospital Pvt Ltd      -560037 Karnataka
Unity Life Line Hospital India Pvt. Ltd.     No.10/4 & 10/5, 3rd Main Road, Hanumanthnagar Bangalore -560019
Trinity Hospital And Heart Foundation        Karnataka
                                             No.1, IX Cross,Hoy Ice Cream Camp, Malleshwaram Bangalore -
The Pulse Multispeciality Hospital           560003 Karnataka
Tamara Hospital & IVF Centre                 No.5,20th Cross,Malagala Under Pass, Ring Road,Nagarbhavi 2nd
Syamala Hospital                             Stage, Nagarabhavi Bangalore -560091 Karnataka
Sundar Hospital
Sumathi Nursing & Maternity Home             DPS Towers,No.40,First Floor, ICICI Bank Ltd,Arekere, Bannerghatta
Suguna Narayana Heart Centre                 Road Bangalore -560076 Karnataka
St. Theresas Hospital
                                             Plot No.2(A-2),A type,BBMP PID No.57-64-2, Shivam Arcade,41St
                                             Main Road,Kanakapura Main Road, J.P. Nagar Bangalore -560078
                                             Karnataka

                                             No.46,19th Main Road,1st Block, Near Navrang Theatre, Rajaji Nagar
                                             Bangalore -560010 Karnataka

                                             No.205-4C,4th Cross,3rd Block, H.R.B.R.Layout,Next To Hennur Bus
                                             Depo, Banaswadi Bangalore -560043 Karnataka

                                             # 6,7&8,4th Main, 8th Cross, Malleshwaram Bangalore -560003
                                             Karnataka

                                             No.-193,2nd Block,2nd Stage, 0 Nagarbhavi Bangalore -560072
                                             Karnataka

                                             No.27,Sri Ram Mandir Road, Near R.V.Teacher's College Circle,
                                             Basavanagudi Bangalore -560004 Karnataka

                                             5/8/1,20th Main Road, 50 ft Road,Muneshwara Block, Girinagar
                                             Bangalore -560085 Karnataka

                                             No. 34/3, 10th Cross, 1st 'N' Block, Rajajinagar, Bangalore Bangalore
                                             -560010 Karnataka
                                             # 17/4, Cambridge Road, Halasur Bangalore -560008 Karnataka

                                             1&2, Hennur Road Cross, Lingarajpuram Bangalore -560084
                                             Karnataka
                                             426/12, 2nd Cross, Mathikere Lay-out Bangalore -560054 Karnataka
                                             1A/87,Dr Rajkumar Road, 4th N Block, Rajajinagar Bangalore -
                                             560010 Karnataka

                                             Dr. Rajkumar Road, 1st Block, Rajajinagar Bangalore -560010
                                             Karnataka

CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526                                                                                     70
Hospital Name                                    Address
Sridevi Nursing Home
                                                 #726,23rd Cross, BSK 2nd Stage,KR Road,Behind Upahara Sagar,
Sri Vinayaka Multi Speciality Hospital & Trauma  Bangalore Bangalore -560070 Karnataka
Centre
Sri Sai Ram Hospital                             Mylanahalli, B.K. Halli Post, Jala Hobli Bangalore -562149 Karnataka

Sri Sai Northside Hospital                       #6,JC Industrial Area, Yelechenahalli Near Metro,Kanakapura Main
Sri Sai Krupa Hospital                           Road, Bangalore Bangalore -560060 Karnataka
Sri Ram Hospital
Sri Lakshmi Multispeciality Hospital             No.8, G Block,60 Feet Road, Sahakaranagar Bangalore -560092
                                                 Karnataka
Sri Kanchi Kamakoti Medical Trust - Sankara Eye  19/A, Mathikere Main Road, Opp. LIC Bangalore -560054 Karnataka
Hospital                                         No. 107/2,Nishvasaha Centre, Opp. Traffic police,Old Madras Road,
South City Hospital                              K. R. Puram Bangalore -560036 Karnataka
Soukya Hospital                                  # 127/1,Sri Gandhada Kaval, Magadi Main Road, Sunkadakatte
                                                 Bangalore -560091 Karnataka
Smt. Shantha & Sri J.A. Narayana Rao
Foundation for Medical Sciences                  Varthur Main Road, Kundalahalli Gate, Bangalore Bangalore -560037
Shreya Hospital                                  Karnataka
Shirdi Sai Hospital Pvt. Ltd.
                                                 53/1 (45),Shalini, Susheela Road,Lalbagh, Upparahalli Bangalore -
Shekhar Hospital                                 560004 Karnataka
Shaker Nursing Home                              No.17, NTI Layout,Vidyaranyapura Main Road, Bangalore Bangalore
Sapthagiri Hospital                              -560097 Karnataka

Rajalakshmi Hospital                             # 878,879, 1st 'A' Main Road, Kengeri Satellite Town Bangalore -
                                                 560060 Karnataka
Radhakrishna Multispeciality Hospital            73,3rd Main,6th Cross, 0 Kengeri Satellite Town Bangalore -560060
                                                 Karnataka
Punya Hospitals India Pvt Ltd                    519,2nd Main, Nethravathi Street,Newbel Road, Devasandra
                                                 Bangalore -560054 Karnataka
Prisitne Hosptial
                                                 81,Bull Temple Road, Basavangudi, Basavangudi Bangalore -560019
Premier Sanjeevini Hospital                      Karnataka
Prashanth Hospital                               260,Near 17th Cross, Sampige Road, Malleshwaram Bangalore -
                                                 560003 Karnataka
Pragathi Nursing Home                            #15, Hesaraghatta Main Road, Chikkasandra Bangalore -560090
                                                 Karnataka

                                                 No.21/1, Lakshmipura Main Road, Opp. Lakshmipura Lake,
                                                 Vidyaranyapura Post Bangalore -560097 Karnataka

                                                 No. 3-4, Sunrise Towers,J.P. Road, Girinagar Bangalore -560085
                                                 Karnataka

                                                 #52/10,80 Feet Road, KHB Colony, Basaveshwaranagar Bangalore -
                                                 560079 Karnataka

                                                 No.877,Modi Hospital Road, West Of Chord Road,2nd Stage Extension,
                                                 Basaveshwaranagar Bangalore -560079 Karnataka

                                                 No.6/2,NH4, 0 Dasarahalli Bangalore -560057 Karnataka

                                                 No.90,D,Hosur Main Road, Bommanahalli Circle, Hosur Bangalore -
                                                 560068 Karnataka

                                                 674/A,10th Cross, 5th Main II Stage,West Of Chord Road, Bangalore
                                                 Bangalore -560086 Karnataka

71                                               CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
Hospital Name                                Address

Panacea Hospital Pvt. Ltd.                   No.334, 8th Main,3rd Stage,4th Block, Basaveshwaranagar Bangalore
P.D.Hinduja Sindhi Hospital                  -560079 Karnataka
Om Shakthi Hospital                          S.R.Nagar, 0 Sampangiramnagar Bangalore -560027 Karnataka

NRR Hospital                                 #1 & 2, Balaji Homes, 1st Main Kempegowda International Airport
NMPC Health Care Pvt Ltd                     Road,Bagalur Cross,Yelahanka, Anand Nagar Bangalore -560063
New Akshay Mallya Hospital                   Karnataka
Neighbourhood Hospital Pvt Ltd               No.3&3A,Hesaraghatta Main Road, Chikkabanavara, Chikkasendra
Neha Prakash Hospital                        Bangalore -560090 Karnataka
Narayana Hrudayalaya
Namratha Nursing & Maternity Home            No.66, 9th Main Road, Jayaram Reddy Layout,Horamavu Main
N.D. R Hospital                              Road, Banaswadi Bangalore -560043 Karnataka

MGMI Hospitals India Pvt Ltd                 #93/1,565, Srinivasa Complex,Varthur Main Road, Marthahalli Main
Mediscope Hospital                           Road Bangalore -560037 Karnataka
Manjushree Hospital
Manjunatha Maternity Home & Surgical Centre  #9,WGBCS, Near Brigade Millinium,Kothnur Main Road,7th Phase,
Manasa Hospital                              J.P Nagar Bangalore -560078 Karnataka
Manasa Hospital
Manasa Hospital                              No.8 V Phase,6th Cross, New Town, Yelahanka Bangalore -560064
Mallya Hospital                              Karnataka
Maharaja Agrasen Hospital                    No.258/A,Bommasandra Industrial Area, Anekal Taluk, Bommasandra
Mahanth Hospital                             Bangalore -560099 Karnataka
Live 100 Hospital Pvt. Ltd.
                                             No.158,6th Main,2nd phase, West of Chord Road,2nd Stage,
                                             Bangalore Bangalore -560086 Karnataka

                                             #2118,MIG House,12th Main 'B Sector', Behind Shanthi Sagar,Near
                                             Mother Dairy Circle,Yelahanka New Town, Bangalore Bangalore -
                                             560106 Karnataka
                                             5/2,13th Cross, Hosur Road,Near Brand Factory, Wilson Garden
                                             Bangalore -560027 Karnataka

                                             No.11, 3rd Stage,Pillanna Garden,Kadugondana Halli Stage 1,
                                             Kadugondana Halli Bangalore -560045 Karnataka

                                             #91, Kavalbyrasandra,R.T Nagar Post, Bangalore Bangalore -560032
                                             Karnataka

                                             90/1, West Park Road, Between 17th & 18th Cross, Malleshwaram
                                             Bangalore -560055 Karnataka

                                             G. Chandranna Building, Devanahalli Old Bus Stop, Devanahalli
                                             Bangalore -562110 Karnataka
                                             No. 107, 6th Main, 2nd Cross, Vijayanagar Bangalore -560040
                                             Karnataka

                                             #189, Shiva Complex, M Dalapalya,Near Vijaya Bank, Shivanand
                                             Nagar Bangalore -560072 Karnataka

                                             #2, Vittal Mallya Road, Bangalore Bangalore -560001 Karnataka

                                             15Th Main Road,Banashankari, 17th Cross,2nd Stage,
                                             Padmanabhnagar Bangalore -560070 Karnataka
                                             No.8,1st Cross, N.G.R Layout,Roopena Agraha, Bangalore Bangalore
                                             -560068 Karnataka

                                             104/1, Hosur Main Road, Singasandra Bangalore -560068 Karnataka

CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526                                                                                 72
Hospital Name                              Address

Lakshmi Hospital                           2nd Cross, Judges Colony, Ganga Nagar Bangalore -560006
Kaveri Speciality Hospital                 Karnataka

                                           15/2,4th Cross, Hosur Main Road, Madivala Bangalore -560068
                                           Karnataka

Karthik Netralaya Institute Of Opthalmology Pvt. 89,6th Cross,NR Colony,Ashok Nagar,Stage 1 Near Kathabhavana

Ltd.                                       Buildng,BSK 1St Stage, Banashankari Bangalore -560050 Karnataka

K.R.Puram Super Speciality Hospital        3rd Main Road, OLD Extension, K. R. Puram Bangalore -560036
K K Hospital                               Karnataka

                                           No. 9,A1,A2,Opp. MEC School, A Sector,New Colony, Yelahanka
                                           Bangalore -560064 Karnataka

Jeevika Hospitals Pvt Ltd                  #95/3, Marthahalli Outer Ring Road, Doddanekkundi Bangalore -
Jayashree Multispeciality Hospital         560037 Karnataka

                                           No. 25/26/27,1st Cross, B Block,Vishwapriya Nagar, Begur Bangalore
                                           -560068 Karnataka

ISIS Medicare & Research Centre Pvt Ltd    No. 18,Universal House, Bellary Road, Sadashivnagar Bangalore -
Health Cottage Hospital                    560080 Karnataka

                                           #289,1st Cross, Cambridge Layout,Opp. Salapuria Residency, Halasur
                                           Bangalore -560008 Karnataka

H.K Hospital                               106/2, Mysore Road,Near Rainbow Bridge, Kengeri Bangalore -
Gayathri Hospital Pvt. Ltd.                560060 Karnataka
Garden City Hospital
Gangothri Hospital                         No.91,Magadi Chord Road, 0 Vijayanagar Bangalore -560040
                                           Karnataka

                                           #132/18, 3rd Block, 22nd Cross, Jayanagar Bangalore -560011
                                           Karnataka

                                           # 27,100 Feet Ring Road, Kuvempuna, BTM Layout Bangalore -
                                           560076 Karnataka

Family Health Providers Pvt Ltd            No. 423/2,60 Feet Road,1st Main, 1st Stage,1st Phase,Behind SBM
                                           Gokula, Mathikere Bangalore -560054 Karnataka

Dr. Natesh ENT & Surgical Care Centre      #8/45,80 Feet Road, Banashankari 1st Stage,S.B.M Colony,
Dr. B.R Ambedkar Medical College Hospital  Banashankari Bangalore -560050 Karnataka
Divine Speciality Hospital
Divakars Speciality Hospital               No.24, 0 Kadugondanahalli Bangalore -560045 Karnataka
Dhanush Hospital
Deeksha Hospital                           No.110,6th Main, ITI Layout, Benson Town Bangalore -560046
                                           Karnataka
Cloudnine - KIDS Clinic India Pvt. Ltd.    No. 220, 9th Cross,2nd Phase, J.P. Nagar Bangalore -560078
Cloudnine - KIDS Clinic India Pvt. Ltd.    Karnataka
                                           63,2nd Main, Nagarabhavi Main Road, Byraveshwara Nagar
                                           Bangalore -560072 Karnataka

                                           #387/347,Yelahanka Old Town, Next to Post Office,B.B Road, Nehru
                                           Nagar Bangalore -560064 Karnataka

                                           #1533, 9th Main,3rd Block, Jayanagar Bangalore -560011 Karnataka
                                           #115, Kodihalli Old Airport Road, Opp. Total Mall Bangalore -560017
                                           Karnataka

Cloudnine - KIDS Clinic India Pvt. Ltd.    # 47, 17th Cross,11th Main, Malleshwaram Bangalore -560055
                                           Karnataka

73                                                  CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
Hospital Name                                                                Address

Chinmaya Narayana Hrudayalaya                                                CMH Complex, CMH Road, Indiranagar Bangalore -560038
                                                                             Karnataka
Chinmaya Mission Hospital
Chaya Hospital                                                               1/1, CMH Road, Indiranagar Bangalore -560038 Karnataka
                                                                             No.66-335,4th Main Road,6th Cross, O.M.B.R.Layout,HRBR Layout
                                                                             Block 1, Kalyan Nagar Bangalore -560043 Karnataka

Chaitanya Hospital                                                           No.80,3rd Cross, P & T Colony, RT Nagar Bangalore -560032
C.R Medical Centre                                                           Karnataka

                                                                             #6/2, Brigade Champak,Union Street,Infantry Road, Bangalore
                                                                             Bangalore -560001 Karnataka

Blossom Multispeciality Hospitals & Day Care # 1141,BMS Plaza, Mangammanapalya Main Road, Bommanahalli

Centre Pvt Ltd                                                               Bangalore -560068 Karnataka

Blossom Multispeciality Hospitals & Day Care                                 #1023, Post-Singasandra,Hosa Road, Channakeshavanagar Bangalore
Centre Pvt Ltd                                                               -560100 Karnataka
Bilva Hospital
                                                                             #21-22, 2nd Main Road,Palace Guttahalli, Bangalore Bangalore -
Bhaanu Nursing Home                                                          560003 Karnataka

                                                                             69/5B,Hosur Main Road, Near Central Silk Board, Bommanahalli
                                                                             Bangalore -560068 Karnataka

Bellevues Cambridge Hospital                                                 No 18/17, Cambridge Road, Ulsoor Bangalore -560008 Karnataka

Beams Hospitals Pvt Ltd                                                      640,12th main, 80 Ft. Road,4th Block, Koramangala Bangalore -
                                                                             560034 Karnataka

Axon Speciality Hospital-Unit Of Sapna Medical Building No.321, 6th Main,Hal 2nd Stage, Indiranagar Bangalore -

Sciences Ltd.                                                                560038 Karnataka

Abhaya Hospital                                                              No.17,Dr.M.H.Mari Gowda, Hosur Road,Opposite Park Area,Raja
                                                                             Ram Mohan Roy Extension Wilson Garden Bangalore Bangalore -
                                                                             560027 Karnataka

Raksha Multispecility Hospital                                               No.141/142,1st Main, Krishnanandnagar, KBH Colony, Police
                                                                             Quarters, Nandini Layout, Bangalore ­ 560096 Karnataka

St. Johns Medical College Hospital                                           John Nagar, Sarjapur Road, Koramangala, Bangalore ­ 560034
Vasan Eye Care Hospital                                                      Karnataka

                                                                             No.897/C,80 Feet Road,6th Block, Opposite I.B.L.Petrol Bunk,
                                                                             Koramangala Bangalore -560095 Karnataka

Vasan Eye Care Hospital                                                      No.28&29,7th Main, Diagonal Road,4th Block, Jayanagar Bangalore -
Vasan Eye Care Hospital                                                      560011 Karnataka

Vasan Eye Care Hospital                                                      Sri Murthy Complex,No.43,Garvey Bhav Palya, Hongasandra Village
Vasan Eye Care Hospital                                                      Begur,Hobli,Hosur Main Road, Bommanahalli Bangalore -560068
Vasan Eye Care Hospital                                                      Karnataka
Vasan Eye Care Hospital
                                                                             No.25/5-D, Outer Ring Road, Marathalli, Bangalore -560037
Note: For an updated list of Hospitals, please visit the Company's website.  Karnataka

                                                                             No.483,16th Cross, 8th Main Road, Rajarajeshwari Nagar Bangalore -
                                                                             560098 Karnataka

                                                                             No-533,108b Circle, Vijayalakshmi Arcade,Ganga Nagar Bus Stand,
                                                                             R. T. Nagar Bangalore -560032 Karnataka

                                                                             1127/A,7th Sector, Near BDA Complex, HSR Layout Bangalore -
                                                                             560102 Karnataka

CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526                                                                                                                  74
                              Annexure V (Basis of treatment of Optional Covers)

Optional Covers     Pay-out Basis  Individual / Floater  Sum Insured And Impact On Basic /
                                   Individual / Floater  Medical Sum Inusred
1. Global Coverage ­ Indemnity     Individual / Floater  Same SI as per the Original Basic/Medical
Total                                                    SI. Claim reduces the Basic/Medical SI.
                                   Individual / Floater
2. Travel Plus      Indemnity      Individual / Floater  Maximum Sum Insured available for this
                                                         option is lower of the 'Base Medical Sum
3. Unlimited        Indemnity      Individual / Floater  Insured' or '20 Lakhs'.
Automatic Recharge  Indemnity      Individual / Floater  Separate SI- claim doesn't impact the
                                                         Basic/Medical SI
4. No Claims Bonus                 Individual / Floater  SI as per the Original Basic/Medical SI is
Super                                                    recharged Unlimited times.
                                   Individual / Floater
5. Deductible Option Indemnity     Individual only       50% increase in Basic/Medical SI per
                                   Individual / Floater  Policy Year in case of claim-free year;
6. Everyday Care    Indemnity                            Max up to 100% of SI.
                                   Individual only
7. Smart Select     Indemnity      Individual / Floater  Deductible opted to be applied on
                                   Individual / Floater  Basic/Medical SI.
8. OPD Care         Indemnity      Individual / Floater  Up to 2% of Basic/Medical SI (1% for
                                   Individual            consultations & 1% for diagnostic
9. Personal Accident Benefit       Individual / Floater  examinations)
                                   Individual            Separate SI- claim doesn't impact the
10. Additional Sum Indemnity       NA                    Basic/Medical SI
Insured for Accidental             Individual/ Floater   Coverage up to Basic/Medical SI
Hospitalization                                          applicable in listed hospitals (coverage to
                                                         non-listed hospitals with a co-payment)
11. International   Benefit                              Separate SI- claim doesn't impact the
Second Opinion                                           Basic/Medical SI
                                                         Separate SI- claim doesn't impact the
12. Reduction in    Indemnity                            Basic/Medical SI
PED Wait Period                                          Additional (separate) SI of up to 100% of
                                                         Basic/Medical SI Separate SI- claim
13. Extension of    Indemnity                            doesn't impact the Basic/Medical SI
Global Coverage     Indemnity                            Claim doesn't impact the Basic/Medical SI
14. Air Ambulance
Cover                                                    Applicable PED Wait Period of 3 Years,
                                                         will be reduced to 2 Years
15. Advance Annual Benefit                               Same SI as per the Original Basic/Medical
Health Check-up                                          SI Claim reduces the Basic/Medical SI.
                                                         Claim reduces the Basic / Medical SI
16. Room Rent       Indemnity
Modification                                             Claim doesn't impact the Basic/Medical SI

17. Be-Fit Benefit Benefit                               Claim reduces the Basic / Medical SI

18. Co-payment      NA                                   Claim doesn't impact the Basic/Medical SI

19. Loyalty Bonus Indemnity                              Co-pay opted to be applied on Basic/
                                                         Medical SI.
                                                         In case of no claim for 3 consecutive policy
                                                         years, then 3 times of SI will be provided as
                                                         bonus on subsequent renewal. This benefit
                                                         shall be provided only once in lifetime of
                                                         the Policy.

75                                                                                CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
                                          Annexure VI ­ Benefit / Premium illustration

Illustration 1

Age of members Coverage opted on                       Coverage opted on individual basis Coverage opted on family floater

Insured                          individual basis covering covering multiple members of the basis with overall Sum Insured (only

                each member of the family family under a single Policy (Sum one Sum Insured is available for the

                                 separately (at a single Insured is available for each member             entire family)

                                 point of time)        of family)

                                 Premium  Sum Insured  Premium Discount  Premium   Sum Premium Floater Premium Sum
                                   (Rs.)                 (Rs.) (if any)    after
                                          (Rs.)                                    Insured or Discount after Insured
                                                                         discount              consolida (if any) discount(
                                                                                   (Rs.)                                     (Rs.)
                                                                         (Rs.)                 ted        Rs.)

                                                                                               premium

                                                                                               for all

                                                                                               members

                                                                                               of family

                                                                                               (Rs.)

44                               18,258 5,00,000 18,258 NA 18,258 5,00,000

40                               15,722 5,00,000 15,722 10% 14,150 5,00,000 34,582 NA 34,582 5,00,000

22                               11,864 5,00,000 11,864 10% 10,677 5,00,000

14                               4,430 5,00,000 4,430 10% 3,987 5,00,000

Total Premium for all members of family is             Total Premium for all members of        Total Premium when policy is opted
 Rs.50,273 when each member is covered                 family is Rs.47,072 when they are           on floater basis is Rs.34,582

                    separately.                          covered under a single policy            Sum Insured of Rs.5,00,000 is
                                                        Sum Insured available for each               available for entire family
Sum Insured available for each individual is             family member is Rs.5,00,000
                   Rs.5,00,000

Illustration 2

Age of members Coverage opted on                       Coverage opted on individual basis Coverage opted on family floater

Insured                          individual basis covering covering multiple members of the basis with overall Sum Insured (only

                each member of the family family under a single Policy (Sum one Sum Insured is available for the

                                 separately (at a single Insured is available for each member             entire family)

                                 point of time)        of family)

                                 Premium  Sum Insured  Premium Discount  Premium   Sum Premium Floater Premium Sum
                                   (Rs.)                 (Rs.) (if any)    after
                                          (Rs.)                                    Insured or Discount after Insured
                                                                         discount              consolida (if any) discount(
                                                                                   (Rs.)                                     (Rs.)
                                                                         (Rs.)                 ted        Rs.)

                                                                                               premium

                                                                                               for all

                                                                                               members

                                                                                               of family

                                                                                               (Rs.)

57                               40,139 5,00,000 40,139 NA 40,139 5,00,000

54                               29,691 5,00,000 29,691 5% 28,207 5,00,000 66,321 NA 66,321 5,00,000

21                               11,864 5,00,000       11,864 5% 11,270 5,00,000

Total Premium for all members of family is             Total Premium for all members of        Total Premium when policy is opted
 Rs.81,694 when each member is covered                 family is Rs.79,616 when they are           on floater basis is Rs.66,321

                   separately.                           covered under a single policy            Sum Insured of Rs.5,00,000 is
                                                        Sum Insured available for each               available for entire family
Sum Insured available for each individual is             family member is Rs.5,00,000
                   Rs.5,00,000

CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526                                                                                                     76
Illustration 3

    Age of members Coverage opted on              Coverage opted on individual basis Coverage opted on family floater

    Insured     individual basis covering covering multiple members of the basis with overall Sum Insured (only

                each member of the family family under a single Policy (Sum one Sum Insured is available for the

                separately (at a single Insured is available for each member                    entire family)

                point of time)                    of family)

                Premium  Sum Insured              Premium Discount  Premium   Sum Premium Floater Premium Sum
                  (Rs.)                             (Rs.) (if any)    after
                         (Rs.)                                                Insured or Discount after Insured
                                                                    discount         consolida (if any) discount(
                                                                              (Rs.)                                (Rs.)
                                                                    (Rs.)            ted        Rs.)

                                                                                     premium

                                                                                     for all

                                                                                     members

                                                                                     of family

                                                                                     (Rs.)

    57          40,139 5,00,000 40,139 NA 40,139 5,00,000

    54          29,691 5,00,000 29,691 5% 28,207 5,00,000 59,463 NA 59,463 5,00,000

    Total Premium for all members of family is    Total Premium for all members of   Total Premium when policy is opted
      Rs.69,830 when each member is covered       family is Rs.68,346 when they are      on floater basis is Rs.59,463

                        separately.                 covered under a single policy       Sum Insured of Rs.5,00,000 is
                                                   Sum Insured available for each          available for entire family
    Sum Insured available for each individual is    family member is Rs.5,00,000
                       Rs.5,00,000

Notes:
1. Premium rates specified in above illustration shall be standard premium rates without considering any loading.
2. Premium mentioned is of Zone 5
3. Premium calculated assuming new purchase of Policy.

77                                                                                              CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
Annexure VII - office of the ombudsman

Office of the Ombudsman          Contact Details                                          Jurisdiction of Office
Ahmedabad                                                                                 (Union Territory, District)
                                 Insurance Ombudsman,
                                 Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,                        Gujarat , Dadra &
                                 Jeevan Prakash, 6th floor, Tilak Marg, Near S.V College   Nagar Haveli, Daman
                                 Relief Road, Ahmedabad ­ 380 001.                         and Diu
                                 Tel.: 079 - 25501201/02
                                 E-mail : bimalokpal.ahmedabad@cioins.co.in

Bengaluru                        Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,                       Karnataka
Bhopal                           Jeevan Soudha Building ,PID No. 57-27-N-19
                                 Ground Floor, 19/19, 24th Main Road,                     Madhya Pradesh &
                                 JP Nagar, Ist Phase,                                     Chhattisgarh
                                 Bengaluru ­ 560 078.
                                 Tel.: 080 - 26652048 / 26652049
                                 Email: bimalokpal.bengaluru@cioins.co.in

                                 Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
                                 LIC of India Zonal Office Building,
                                 1st Floor, South Wing, Jeevan Shikha,
                                 opp. Gayatri Mandir, 60-B, Hoshangabad Road, Bhopal-
                                 462011 Tel.: 0755 - 2769201 / 2769202/ 2769203
                                 Email: bimalokpal.bhopal@cioins.co.in

Bhubaneshwar                     Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,                       Orissa
Chandigarh                       62, Forest park,
Chennai                          Bhubaneshwar ­ 751 009.                                  Punjab , Haryana,
Delhi                            Tel.: 0674 - 2596461 /2596455/ 2596429/ 2596003          Himachal Pradesh,
                                 Email: bimalokpal.bhubaneswar@cioins.co.in               Jammu & Kashmir,
                                                                                          Chandigarh
                                 Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
                                 Jeevan Deep, Ground Floor, LIC of India Building, SCO    Tamil Nadu,
                                 20-27, Sector 17-A,                                      Pondicherry Town and
                                 Chandigarh ­ 160 017.                                    Karaikal (which are
                                 Tel.: 0172 ­ 2706468/ 2707468                            part of Pondicherry)
                                 Email: bimalokpal.chandigarh@cioins.co.in
                                                                                          Delhi
                                 Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
                                 Fatima Akhtar Court, 4th Floor, 453 (old 312),
                                 Anna Salai, Teynampet,
                                 CHENNAI ­ 600 018.
                                 Tel.: 044 - 24333668 / 24333678
                                 Email: bimalokpal.chennai@cioins.co.in

                                 Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
                                 2/2 A, 1st Floor, Universal Insurance Building,
                                 Asaf Ali Road,
                                 New Delhi ­ 110 002.
                                 Tel.: 011 - 23232481 / 23213504/ 46013992
                                 Email: bimalokpal.delhi@cioins.co.in

CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526                                                                                        78
Office of the Ombudsman  Contact Details                                          Jurisdiction of Office
Guwahati                                                                          (Union Territory, District)
Hyderabad
Jaipur                   Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,                       Assam , Meghalaya,
Kochi                    Jeevan Nivesh Building, 5th Floor,                       Manipur, Mizoram,
Kolkata                  Nr. Panbazar, S.S. Road,                                 Arunachal Pradesh,
                         Guwahati ­ 781001(ASSAM).                                Nagaland and Tripura
Lucknow                  Tel.: 0361 ­ 2632204/ 2632205 / 2631307
                         Email: bimalokpal.guwahati@cioins.co.in

                         Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,                       Andhra Pradesh,
                         6-2-46, 1st floor, "Moin Court",                         Telangana and Yanam ­ a
                         Lane Opp. Hyundai Showroom, A. C. Guards, Lakdi-         part of Territory of
                         Ka-Pool, Hyderabad - 500 004.                            Pondicherry
                         Tel.: 040 - 23312122/ 23376599/ 23376991/ 23328709/
                         23325325                                                 Rajasthan
                         Email: bimalokpal.hyderabad@cioins.co.in

                         Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
                         Jeevan Nidhi ­ II Bldg., Gr. Floor, Bhawani Singh Marg,
                         Ambedkar Circle, Jaipur - 302 005.
                         Tel.: 0141 - 2740363
                         Email: Bimalokpal.jaipur@cioins.co.in

                         Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,                       Kerala, Lakshadweep,
                         10TH Floor, LIC Building, Jeevan Prakash                 Mahe ­ a part of
                         Opp. Maharaj College Ground                              Pondicherry
                         M. G. Road, Ernakulam - 682 011.
                         Tel.: 0484 - 2358759
                         Email: bimalokpal.ernakulam@cioins.co.in

                         Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,                       West Bengal, Andaman &
                         7th Floor of Hindusthan Bldg.( Annex),                   Nicobar Islands, Sikkim
                         4, C.R. Avenue,
                         KOLKATA - 700 072.                                       Districts of Uttar Pradesh :
                         Tel.: 033 - 22124339 / 22124341                          Laitpur, Jhansi, Mahoba,
                         Email: bimalokpal.kolkata@cioins.co.in                   Hamirpur, Banda,
                                                                                  Chitrakoot, Allahabad,
                         Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,                       Mirzapur, Sonbhabdra,
                         6th Floor, Jeevan Bhawan, Phase-II,                      Fatehpur, Pratapgarh,
                         Nawal Kishore Road, Hazratganj,                          Jaunpur,Varanasi, Gazipur,
                         Lucknow - 226 001.                                       Jalaun, Kanpur, Lucknow,
                         Tel.: 0522 ­ 4002082/ 3500613                            Unnao, Sitapur, Lakhimpur,
                         Email: bimalokpal.lucknow@cioins.co.in                   Bahraich, Barabanki,
                                                                                  Raebareli, Sravasti, Gonda,
                                                                                  Faizabad, Amethi,
                                                                                  Kaushambi, Balrampur,
                                                                                  Basti, Ambedkarnagar,
                                                                                  Sultanpur, Maharajgang,
                                                                                  Santkabirnagar, Azamgarh,
                                                                                  Kushinagar, Gorkhpur,
                                                                                  Deoria, Mau, Ghazipur,
                                                                                  Chandauli, Ballia,
                                                                                  Sidharathnagar.

79                                                                                CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526
Office of the Ombudsman          Contact Details                                 Jurisdiction of Office
Mumbai                                                                           (Union Territory, District)
Patna                            Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
                                 3rd Floor, Jeevan Seva Annexe,                   Goa,
                                 S. V. Road, Santacruz West,                      Mumbai Metropolitan
                                 Mumbai - 400 054.                                Region
                                 Tel.: 022 ­69038800/33                           excluding Navi Mumbai
                                 Email: bimalokpal.mumbai@cioins.co.in            & Thane

                                 Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,               Bihar, Jharkhand
                                 2nd Floor, Lalit Bhawan,
                                 Baily Road, Patna                                State of Uttaranchal and the
                                 Tel.: 0612-2547068                               following Districts of Uttar
                                 Email: bimalokpal.patna@cioins.co.in             Pradesh: Agra, Aligarh,
                                                                                  Bagpat, Bareilly, Bijnor,
Noida                            Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,               Budaun, Bulandshehar, Etah,
                                 Bhagwan Sahai Palace                             Kanooj, Mainpuri, Mathura,
                                 4th Floor, Main Road,                            Meerut, Moradabad,
                                 Naya Bans, Sector 15,                            Muzaffarnagar, Oraiyya,
                                 Distt: Gautam Buddh Nagar,                       Pilibhit, Etawah,
                                 U.P-201301.                                      Farrukhabad, Firozbad,
                                 Tel.: 0120- 2514252 / 2514253                    Gautambodhanagar,
                                 Email: bimalokpal.noida@cioins.co.in             Ghaziabad, Hardoi,
                                                                                  Shahjahanpur, Hapur,
                                                                                  Shamli, Rampur, Kashganj,
                                                                                  Sambhal, Amroha, Hathras,
                                                                                  Kanshiramnagar, Saharanpur

Pune                             Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,              Maharashtra,
                                 Jeevan Darshan- LIC of India Bldg., 3rd Floor,  Area of Navi Mumbai and
                                 N.C. Kelkar Road, Narayan Peth,                 Thane excluding Mumbai
                                 Pune ­ 411 030.                                 Metropolitan Region.
                                 Tel.: 020-24471175
                                 Email: bimalokpal.pune@cioins.co.in

The updated details of Insurance Ombudsman are available on website of IRDAI: www.irda.gov.in, on the website of General
Insurance Council: www.gicouncil.org.in, on the Company's website www.careinsurance.com or from any of the Company's
offices. Address and contact number of Executive Council of Insurers ­

Office of the 'Executive Council of Insurers'
3rd Floor, Jeevan Seva Annexe,
S.V. Road, Santacruz(W),
Mumbai ­ 400 054.
Tel : 022-69038800/33
Email- inscoun@cioins.co.in

                                                                                                                          VER: Mar/26/AS

CARE - UIN: CHIHLIP26055V092526                                                                                 80
