HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited

Policy Wording
Optima Plus

                                    Table of Contents

Sr. No.                                  Particulars   Page No.
                                                            2
Preamble                                                    2
                                                            2
Section A Definitions                                       6
                                                            7
I.        Standard Definitions                              9
                                                            9
II.       Specific Definitions                              10
                                                            12
Section B Benefits                                          14
                                                            14
Section C Waiting Period & Exclusion                        19
                                                            24
I.        Standard Waiting Period                           24
                                                            24
II.       Standard Permanent Exclusions                     25
                                                            27
IV.       Specific Permanent Exclusions                     30

Section D General Terms & Clauses

I.        Standard General Terms & Clauses

II.       Specific General Terms

Section E Other Terms & Conditions

I.        Deductible

II.       Claim Related Information

Annexure A List of Ombudsman

Annexure I List of Non-Medical Expenses

          Schedule of Benefits

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146 CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th

Floor, Leela Business Park, Andheri-Kurla Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 059. UIN: Optima Plus- 1
HDHHLIP21336V022021
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited

Policy Wording
Optima Plus

Preamble

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited will provide the insurance cover detailed in the Policy to
the Insured Person up to the Sum Insured subject to the terms and conditions of this Policy, Your payment
of premium, and Your statements in the Proposal, which is incorporated into the Policy and is the basis of it.

                              SECTION A. DEFINITIONS

The terms defined below have the meanings ascribed to them wherever they appear in this Policy and, where
appropriate, references to the singular include references to the plural; references to the male include the
female and references to any statutory enactment include subsequent changes to the same:

I.       Standard Definition

Def. 1. Accident or Accidental means a sudden, unforeseen and involuntary event caused by external
             and visible means (but does not include any Illness) which results in physical bodily injury.

Def. 2.  AYUSH Day Care Centre means and includes Community Health Centre (CHC), Primary Health
         Centre (PHC), Dispensary, Clinic, Polyclinic or any such health centre which is registered with the
         local authorities, wherever applicable and having facilities for carrying out treatment procedures
         and medical or surgical/para-surgical interventions or both under the supervision of registered
         AYUSH Medical Practitioner(s) on day care basis without in-patient services and must comply with
         all the following criterion:

         i. Having qualified registered AYUSH Medical Practitioner (s) in charge;

         ii. Having dedicated AYUSH therapy sections as required and/or has equipped operation theatre
              where surgical procedures are to be carried out;

         iii. Maintaining daily records of the patients and making them accessible to the insurance
              company's authorized representative.

Def. 3.  AYUSH Hospital is a healthcare facility wherein medical/surgical/para-surgical treatment
         procedures and interventions are carried out by AYUSH Medical Practitioner(s) comprising of any
         of the following:

         a. Central or State Government AYUSH Hospital; or

         b. Teaching hospital attached to AYUSH College recognized by the Central Government /Central
              Council of Indian Medicine/Central Council for Homeopathy; or

         c. AYUSH Hospital, standalone or co-located within-patient healthcare facility of any recognized
              system of medicine, registered with the local authorities, wherever applicable, and is under
              the supervision of a qualified registered AYUSH Medical Practitioner and must comply with all
              the following criterion:

          i. Having at least 5 in-patient beds;

          ii. Having qualified AYUSH Medical Practitioner in charge round the clock;

          iii. Having dedicated AYUSH therapy sections as required and/or has equipped operation
               theatre where surgical procedures are to be carried out;

          iv. Maintaining daily records of the patients and making them accessible to the insurance

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146 CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th

Floor, Leela Business Park, Andheri-Kurla Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 059. UIN: Optima Plus- 2
HDHHLIP21336V022021
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited

Policy Wording
Optima Plus

                company's authorized representative.

Def. 4.  Any One Illness means continuous period of illness and it includes relapse within 45 days from
         the date of last consultation with the Hospital/nursing home where treatment may have been
         taken. Occurrence of same illness after a lapse of 45 days as stated above will be considered as
         fresh illness for the purpose of this Policy.

Def. 5. Congenital Anomaly means a condition which is present since birth, and which is abnormal with
             reference to form, structure or position

         (a) Internal Congenital Anomaly - Congenital anomaly which is not in the visible and accessible
              parts of the body

         (b) External Congenital Anomaly- Congenital anomaly which is in the visible and accessible parts
              of the body

Def. 6.  Day care treatment means medical treatment, and/or surgical procedure which is undertaken
         under General or Local Anaesthesia in a Hospital/day care centre in less than 24 hrs because of
         technological advancement, and which would have otherwise required a Hospitalization of more
         than 24 hours, but treatment normally taken on an out-patient basis is not included in the scope
         of this definition.

Def. 7.  Deductible means a cost-sharing requirement under a health insurance policy that provides that
         the insurer will not be liable for a specified rupee amount (as mention in Policy Schedule) of the
         covered expenses, which will apply before any benefits are payable by the insurer. A Deductible
         does not reduce the Sum Insured.

Def. 8.  Disclosure of information norm means the policy shall be void and all premiums paid hereon
         shall be forfeited to the Company, in the event of misrepresentation, mis-description or non-
         disclosure of any material fact.

Def. 9.  Emergency or Emergency Care means management for a severe illness or injury which results
         in symptoms which occur suddenly and unexpectedly, and requires immediate care by a Medical
         Practitioner to prevent death or serious long term impairment of the Insured Person's health.

Def. 10. Grace Period specified period of time, immediately following the premium due date during which
             premium payment can be made to renew or continue a policy in force without loss of continuity
             benefits pertaining to waiting periods and coverage of pre-existing diseases. Coverage need not
             be available during the period for which no premium is received. The grace period for payment of
             the premium for all types of insurance policies shall be: fifteen days where premium payment
             mode is monthly and thirty days in all other cases. Provided the insurers shall offer coverage during
             the grace period, if the premium is paid in instalments during the policy period(Note: In case of
             non-instalment premium payment, coverage shall not be available for the period for which no
             premium is received).

Def. 11. Hospital means any institution in India established for inpatient care and Day care treatment of
             sickness and/or injuries and which has been registered as a Hospital with the local authorities,
             wherever applicable, and is under the supervision of a registered and qualified medical practitioner
             AND must comply with all minimum criteria as under:

             i. has at least 10 inpatient beds, in those towns having a population of less than 10,00,000 and

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146 CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th

Floor, Leela Business Park, Andheri-Kurla Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 059. UIN: Optima Plus- 3
HDHHLIP21336V022021
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited

Policy Wording
Optima Plus

                   15 inpatient beds in all other places
             ii. has qualified nursing staff under its employment round the clock
             iii. has qualified medical practitioner (s) in charge round the clock
             iv. has a fully equipped operation theatre of its own where surgical procedures are carried out.
             v. maintains daily records of patients and will make these accessible to the insurance company's

                   authorized personnel.
Def. 12. Hospitalization means admission in a Hospital for a minimum period of 24 consecutive `In-patient

             Care' hours except for specified procedures/ treatments, where such admission could be for a
             period of less than 24 consecutive hours.
Def. 13. Illness/ Illnesses means a sickness or a disease or pathological condition leading to the
             impairment of normal physiological function which manifests itself during the Policy Period and
             requires medical treatment
             (a) Acute condition - Acute condition is a disease, Illness or Injury that is likely to respond

                   quickly to treatment which aims to return the person to his or her state of health immediately
                   before suffering the disease/ Illness/ Injury which leads to full recovery
             (b) Chronic condition - A chronic condition is defined as a disease, Illness, or Injury that has
                   one or more of the following characteristics:
                   1. it needs ongoing or long-term monitoring through consultations, examinations, check-

                         ups, and /or tests
                   2. it needs ongoing or long-term control or relief of symptoms
                   3. it requires rehabilitation for the patient or for the patient to be specially trained to cope

                         with it
                   4. it continues indefinitely
                   5. it recurs or is likely to recur
Def. 14. Inpatient or Inpatient Care means treatment for which the Insured Person has to stay in a
             Hospital for more than 24 hours for a covered event.
Def. 15. Intensive Care Unit means an identified section, ward or wing of a Hospital which is under the
             constant supervision of a dedicated Medical Practitioner(s), and which is specially equipped for the
             continuous monitoring and treatment of patients who are in a critical condition, or require life
             support facilities and where the level of care and supervision is considerably more sophisticated
             and intensive than in the ordinary and other wards.
Def. 16. Maternity Expenses means
             i. Medical treatment expenses traceable to childbirth (including complicated deliveries and
                   caesarean section incurred during Hospitalization).
             ii. Expenses towards lawful medical termination of pregnancy during the policy Period.
Def. 17. Medical Expenses means those expenses that an Insured Person has necessarily and actually

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146 CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th

Floor, Leela Business Park, Andheri-Kurla Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 059. UIN: Optima Plus- 4
HDHHLIP21336V022021
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited

Policy Wording
Optima Plus

             incurred for medical treatment on account of Illness or Accident on the advice of a Medical
             Practitioner, as long as these are no more than would have been payable if the Insured Person
             had not been insured and no more than other hospitals or Medical practitioners in the same locality
             would have charged for the same medical treatment.

Def. 18. Medical Practitioner means a person who holds a valid registration from the Medical Council of any
             State or Medical Council of India or Council for Indian Medicine or for Homeopathy set up by the
             Government of India or a State Government and is thereby entitled to practice medicine within its
             jurisdiction; and is acting within the scope and jurisdiction of license.Medical Practitioner who is
             sharing the same residence with the Insured person`s and is a member of Insured Person's family
             are not considered as Medical Practitioner under the scope of this Policy.

Def. 17. Migration means a facility provided to policyholders (including all members under family cover
             and group policies), to transfer the credits gained for pre-existing diseases and specific waiting
             periods from one health insurance policy to another with the same insurer.

Def. 19. Network Provider means Hospitals or health care providers enlisted by an insurer, TPA or jointly
             by an Insurer and TPA to provide medical services to an insured by a Cashless facility.

Def. 20. Non Network means any Hospital, day care centre or other provider that is not part of the
             network.

Def. 21. Pre-existing Condition means any condition, ailment, injury, or disease:

             (a) that is/are diagnosed by a physician not more than 36 months prior to the date of
                   commencement of the policy issued by the insurer; or

             (b) for which medical advice or treatment was recommended by, or received from, a physician,
                   not more than 36 months prior to the date of commencement of the policy.

Def. 22. Portability means a facility provided to the health insurance policyholders (including all members
             under family cover), to transfer the credits gained for, pre-existing diseases and specific waiting
             periods from one insurer to another insurerPre-hospitalization Medical Expenses means Medical
             Expenses incurred during pre-defined number of days preceding the Hospitalization of the Insured
             Person , provided that:

             i. Such Medical Expenses are incurred for the same condition for which the Insured Person's
                   Hospitalization was required, and

             ii. The In-patient Hospitalization claim for such Hospitalization is admissible by the Insurance
                   Company

Def. 23. Post-hospitalization Medical Expenses means Medical Expenses incurred during pre-defined
             number of days immediately after the insured person is discharged from the Hospital provided
             that:

             i. Such Medical Expenses are for the same condition for which the insured person's
                   Hospitalization was required, and

             ii. The inpatient Hospitalization claim for such Hospitalization is admissible by the insurance
                   company.

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146 CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th

Floor, Leela Business Park, Andheri-Kurla Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 059. UIN: Optima Plus- 5
HDHHLIP21336V022021
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited

Policy Wording
Optima Plus

Def. 24. Reasonable and Customary Charges means the charges for services or supplies, which are
             the standard charges for a specific provider and consistent with the prevailing charges in the
             geographical area for identical or similar services ,taking into account the nature of Illness/ Injury
             involved.

Def. 25. Surgery or Surgical Procedure means manual and /or operative procedure(s) required for
             treatment of an Illness or injury, correction of deformities and defects, diagnosis and cure of
             diseases, relief of suffering or prolongation of life, performed in a Hospital or day care centre by a
             Medical Practitioner.

Def. 26. Unproven/Experimental Treatment is a treatment including drug experimental therapy, which
             is based on established medical practice in India, is a treatment experimental or unproven.

II.      Specific Definitions

Def. 1.  Adventurous/Hazardous Sports means any sport or activity involving physical exertion and
         skill in which an Insured Person participates or competes for entertainment or as part of his
         Profession whether he / she is trained or not.

Def. 2. Age or Aged means completed years as at the Commencement Date.

Def. 3. AYUSH Treatment refers to medical and/or hospitalisation treatments given under Ayurveda,
             Yoga and Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and Homeopathy systems.

Def. 4. Bank Rate shall mean the rate fixed by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) at the beginning of the
             financial year in which claim has fallen due.

Def. 5.  Break in policy means the period of gap that occurs at the end of the existing policy
         term/instalment premium due date, when the premium due for renewal on a given policy or
         instalment premium due is not paid on or before the premium renewal date or grace period

Def. 6. Commencement Date means the commencement date of this Policy as specified in the
Schedule.

Def. 7. Dependents means only the family members listed below:

         i) Your legally married spouse as long as he/she continues to be married to You;

         ii) Your children Aged between 91 days and 21 years if they are unmarried.

         iii) Your natural parents or parents that have legally adopted You, provided that:

         a) The parent was below 65 years at his initial participation in the Optima Plus Policy, and

         b) Parents shall not include Your spouse's parents.

Def. 8. Dependent Child means a child (natural or legally adopted), who is financially dependent on You
             and does not have his / her independent sources of income.

Def. 9. Insured Person means You and the persons named in the Schedule.

Def. 10. Material Facts for the purpose of this policy shall mean all relevant information sought by the
             company in the proposal form and other connected documents to enable it to take informed
             decision in the context of underwriting the risk.

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146 CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th

Floor, Leela Business Park, Andheri-Kurla Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 059. UIN: Optima Plus- 6
HDHHLIP21336V022021
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited

Policy Wording
Optima Plus

Def. 11. Non Installment Premium Payment refers to payment of premium for the entire policy period
             made in advance as a single premium.

Def. 12. Policy means Your statements in the proposal form, this policy wording (including endorsements,
             if any)and the Schedule (as the same may be amended from time to time).

Def. 13. Policy Period means the period between the Commencement Date and the Expiry Date specified
             in the Schedule.

Def. 14. Policy Year means a year following the Commencement Date and its subsequent annual
             anniversary.

Def. 15. Sum Insured means the sum shown in the Schedule which represents Our maximum liability for
             each Insured Person for any and all benefits claimed for during the Policy Period.

Def. 16. TPA means the third party administrator that We appoint from time to time as specified in the
             Schedule.

Def. 17. We/Our/Us means the HDFC ERGO General Insurance Limited
Def. 18. You/Your/Policyholder means the person named in the Schedule who has concluded this Policy

             with Us.

                                  SECTION B. BENEFITS

Claims made in respect of any of the benefits below will be subject to the Sum Insured.

If any Insured Person suffers an Illness or Accident during the Policy Period that requires that Insured
Person's Hospitalisation as an Inpatient, then We will pay for the Medical Expenses for the benefits mentioned
below, in excess of the Deductible stated in the Schedule.

Our maximum liability for a continuous period of Illness, including relapses within 45 days from the last date
of discharge from the Hospital or nursing home where treatment has been taken, shall be limited to the
amount mentioned in the Schedule of Benefits. Occurrence of the same Illness after a lapse of 45 days as
stated above will be considered as fresh Illness for the purpose of this Policy.

a)  In-patient Treatment

    The Medical Expenses for:

    i) Room rent, boarding expenses,

    ii) Nursing,

    iii) Intensive care unit,

    iv) Medical Practitioner(s),

    v) Anaesthesia, blood, oxygen, operation theatre charges, surgical appliances,

    vi) Medicines, drugs and consumables,

    vii) Diagnostic procedures,

    viii)The Cost of prosthetic and other Medical devices or equipment if implanted internally during

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146 CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th

Floor, Leela Business Park, Andheri-Kurla Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 059. UIN: Optima Plus- 7
HDHHLIP21336V022021
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited

Policy Wording
Optima Plus

    a Surgical Procedure.

    Note pertaining specifically to AYUSH Treatments only:

    Medical expenses pertaining only to In-patient care AYUSH treatment are also covered under 'In-
    patient treatment' cover if undertaken in an AYUSH Hospital. Any medical expense other than In-
    patient care AYUSH treatment expenses are not covered under this policy.

b)  Pre-Hospitalisation Medical Expenses

    The Medical Expenses incurred in the 60 days immediately before the Insured Person was
    Hospitalised, provided that:

    i) Such Medical Expenses were in fact incurred for the same condition for which the Insured
         Person's subsequent Hospitalisation was required, and

    ii) We have accepted an inpatient Hospitalisation claim under Benefit Ba).

c)  Post-hospitalisation Medical Expenses

    The Medical Expenses incurred in the 90 days immediately after the Insured Person was discharged
    post Hospitalisation provided that:

    i) Such costs are incurred in respect of the same condition for which the Insured Person's earlier
         Hospitalisation was required, and

    ii) We have accepted an inpatient Hospitalisation claim under Benefit Ba).

d)  Day Care Procedures

    The Medical Expenses for a day care procedure where the procedure or surgery is under taken
    under General or Local Anaesthesia in a Hospital/Day Care Centre in less than 24 hours because
    of technological advancement, and which would have otherwise required Hospitalization of more
    than 24 hours. Treatment normally taken on an Out-patient basis is not included in the scope of
    this cover

e)  Organ Donor

    The Medical Expenses for an organ donor's treatment for the harvesting of the organ donated,
    provided that:

    i) The organ donor is any person whose organ has been made available in accordance and
         compliance with The Transplantation of Human Organs Act, 1994 (amended) and

    ii) The organ donated is for the use of the Insured Person, and

    iii) We will not pay the donor's pre and post-Medical Expenses or any other medical treatment
         for the donor consequent on the harvesting, and

    iv) We have accepted an inpatient Hospitalisation claim under Benefit Ba).

f)  Emergency Ambulance

    We will reimburse the expenses incurred on an ambulance offered by a healthcare or ambulance
    service provider used to transfer the Insured Person to the nearest Hospital with adequate
    Emergency facilities for the provision of health services following an Emergency, provided that:

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146 CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th

Floor, Leela Business Park, Andheri-Kurla Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 059. UIN: Optima Plus- 8
HDHHLIP21336V022021
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited

Policy Wording
Optima Plus

    i) Our maximum liability shall be restricted to the amount mentioned in the Schedule of Benefits,
         and

    ii) We have accepted an inpatient Hospitalisation claim under Benefit Ba).

    iii) The coverage includes the cost of the transportation of the Insured Person from a Hospital to
         the nearest Hospital which is prepared to admit the Insured Person and provide the necessary
         medical services if such medical services cannot satisfactorily be provided at a Hospital where
         the Insured Person is situated, provided that transportation has been prescribed by a Medical
         Practitioner and is medically necessary.

g)  Domiciliary Treatment

    The Medical Expenses incurred by an Insured Person for medical treatment taken at his home
    which would otherwise have required Hospitalisation because, on the advice of the attending
    Medical Practitioner, the Insured Person could not be transferred to a Hospital or a Hospital bed
    was unavailable, and provided that:

    i) The condition for which the medical treatment is required continues for at least 3 days, in
         which case We will pay the reasonable charge of any necessary medical treatment for the
         entire period, and

                SECTION C. WAITING PERIOD & EXCLUSIONS

I.  Standard Waiting Period

    Illnesses and treatments shall be covered subject to the waiting periods specified below:

    i. 30-day Waiting Period: Code ­ Excl03

    I. Expenses related to the treatment of any illness within 30 days from the first policy
         commencement date shall be excluded except claims arising due to an accident, provided
         the same are covered.

    II. This exclusion shall not, however, apply if the insured person has continuous coverage
         for more than twelve months.

    III. The within referred waiting period is made applicable to the enhanced sum insured in the
         event of granting higher sum insured subsequently.

    ii. Specified disease/procedure waiting period: Code ­ Excl02

    I. Expenses related to the treatment of the listed Conditions, surgeries/treatments as
         mentioned in the table below shall be excluded until the expiry of 24 months of continuous
         coverage after the date of inception of the first Policy with us. This exclusion shall not be
         applicable for claims arising due to an Accident.

    II. In case of enhancement of sum insured the exclusion shall apply afresh to the extent of
         Sum Insured increase.

    III. If any of the specified disease/procedure falls under the waiting period specified for Pre-
         existing diseases, then the longer of the two waiting periods shall apply.

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146 CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th

Floor, Leela Business Park, Andheri-Kurla Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 059. UIN: Optima Plus- 9
HDHHLIP21336V022021
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited

Policy Wording
Optima Plus

     IV. The waiting period for listed conditions shall apply even if contracted after the Policy or
          declared and accepted without a specific exclusion.

     V. If the Insured Person is continuously covered without any break as defined under the
          applicable norms on portability stipulated by IRDAI, then waiting period for the same
          would be reduced to the extent of prior coverage.

     VI. List of specific diseases/procedure:

                (1) Illnesses: arthritis if non infective; calculus diseases of gall bladder and urogenital
                     system; cataract; fissure/fistula in anus, hemorrhoids, pilonidal sinus, gastric and
                     duodenal ulcers; gout and rheumatism; internal tumors, cysts, nodules, polyps
                     including breast lumps (each of any kind unless malignant); osteoarthritis and
                     osteoporosis if Age related; polycystic ovarian diseases; sinusitis, Rhinitis, Tonsillitis
                     and skin tumors unless malignant.

                (2) Treatments: benign ear, nose and throat (ENT) disorders and surgeries (including
                     but not limited to adenoidectomy, mastoidectomy, tonsillectomy and
                     tympanoplasty); dilatation and curettage (D&C); hysterectomy for menorrhagia or
                     fibromyoma or prolapse of uterus unless necessitated by malignancy; joint
                     replacement; myomectomy for fibroids; surgery of gallbladder and bile duct unless
                     necessitated by malignancy; surgery of genito urinary system unless necessitated by
                     malignancy; surgery of benign prostatic hypertrophy; surgery of hernia; surgery of
                     hydrocele; surgery for prolapsed inter vertebral disk; surgery of varicose veins and
                     varicose ulcers; surgery on tonsils and sinuses; surgery for nasal septum deviation.

     iii. Pre- Existing Diseases: Code- Excl01

     i. Expenses related to the treatment of a pre-existing disease (PED) and its direct
          complications shall be excluded until the expiry of 36 months of continuous coverage
          after the date of inception of the first policy with insurer.

     ii. In case of enhancement of Sum Insured the exclusion shall apply afresh to the extent of
          sum of Sum Insured increase.

     iii. If the Insured Person is continuously covered without any break as defined under the
          portability norms of the extant IRDAI (Health Insurance) Regulations, then waiting period
          for the same would be reduced to the extent of prior coverage.

     Coverage under the Policy after the expiry of 36months for any pre-existing disease is subject
     to the same being declared at the time of application and accepted by Insurer.

II.  Standard Permanent Exclusions

     We will not make any payment for any claim in respect of any Insured Person caused by, arising
     from or attributable to any of the following unless expressly stated to the contrary in this Policy:

     i. Investigation & Evaluation: Code ­ Excl04

     a. Expenses related to any admission primarily for diagnostic and evaluation purposes only
          are excluded.

                   b. Any diagnostic expenses which are not related or not incidental to the current diagnosis

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146 CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th

Floor, Leela Business Park, Andheri-Kurla Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 059. UIN: Optima Plus- 10
HDHHLIP21336V022021
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited

Policy Wording
Optima Plus

                         and treatment are excluded.
             ii. Rest Cure, rehabilitation and respite care: Code ­ Excl05 ­ Expenses related to any

                   admission primarily for enforced bed rest and not for receiving treatment. This also includes:
                   a. Custodial care either at home or in a nursing facility for personal care such as help with

                         activities of daily living such as bathing, dressing, moving around either by skilled nurses
                         or assistant or non-skilled persons.
                   b. Any services for people who are terminally ill to address physical, social, emotional and
                         spiritual needs.
             iii. Obesity/Weight control: Code ­ Excl06 ­ Expenses related to the surgical treatment of
                   obesity that does not fulfil all the below conditions:
                   a. Surgery to be conducted is upon the advice of the doctor
                   b. The surgery/procedure conducted should be supported by clinical protocols
                   c. The member has to be 18 years of age or older and
                   d. Body Mass Index (BMI)
                         i. Greater than or equal to 40 or,
                         ii. Greater than or equal to 35 in conjunction with any of the following severe co-

                               morbidities following failure of less invasive methods of weight loss:
                               1. Obesity related cardiomyopathy
                               2. coronary heart disease
                               3. severe sleep apnoea
                               4. uncontrolled type2 diabetes
             iv. Change-of-Gender treatments: Code ­ Excl07 ­ Expenses related to any treatment,
                   including surgical management, to change characteristics of the body to those of the opposite
                   sex.
             v. Cosmetic or plastic surgery: Code ­ Excl08 ­ Expenses for cosmetic or plastic surgery or
                   any treatment to change appearance unless for reconstruction following an Accident, Burn(s)
                   or Cancer or as part of Medically Necessary Treatment to removea direct and immediate health
                   risk to the insured. For this to be considered a medical necessity, it must be certified by the
                   attending Medical Practitioner.
             vi. Hazardous or Adventure sports: Code ­ Excl09 ­ Expenses related to any treatment
                   necessitated due to participation as a professional in Hazardous or Adventure sports, including
                   but not limited to, para-jumping, rock climbing, mountaineering, rafting, motor racing, horse
                   racing or scuba diving, hand gliding, sky diving, deep sea diving.
             vii. Breach of Law: Code ­ Excl10 - Expenses for treatment directly arising from or consequent
                   upon any Insured Person committing or attempting to commit a breach of law with criminal
                   intent.

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146 CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th

Floor, Leela Business Park, Andheri-Kurla Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 059. UIN: Optima Plus- 11
HDHHLIP21336V022021
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited

Policy Wording
Optima Plus

     viii. Excluded Providers: Code11 - Expenses incurred towards treatment in any hospital or by
          any Medical Practitioner or any other provider specifically excluded by the Insurer and
          disclosed in its website/notified to the policyholders are not admissible. However, in case of
          life threatening situations or following an Accident, expenses up to the stage of stabilization
          are payable but not the complete claim.

     ix. Treatment for Alcoholism, drug or substance abuse or any addictive condition and
          consequences thereof. Code ­ Excl12

     x. Treatments received in health hydros, nature cure clinics, spas or similar establishments or
          private beds registered as a nursing home attached to such establishments or where
          admission is arranged wholly or partly for domestic reasons. Code ­ Excl13

     xi. Dietary supplements and substances that can be purchased without prescription, including
          but not limited to Vitamins, minerals and organic substances unless prescribed by a Medical
          Practitioner as part of Hospitalization claim or day care procedure. Code ­ Excl14

     xii. Refractive Error: Code - Excl15 ­ Expenses related to the treatment for correction of eye
          sight due to refractive error less than 7.5 dioptres.

     xiii. Unproven Treatments: Code ­ Excl16 ­ Expenses related to any unproven treatment,
          services and supplies for or in connection with any treatment. Unproven treatments are
          treatments, procedures or supplies that lack significant medical documentation to support
          their effectiveness.

     xiv. Sterility and Infertility: Code- Excl17 ­ Expenses related to sterility and infertility. This
          includes:

     a. Any type of contraception, sterilization

     b. Assisted Reproduction services including artificial insemination and advanced reproductive
          technologies such as IVF, ZIFT, GIFT, ICSI

     c. Gestational Surrogacy

     d. Reversal of sterilization

     xv. Maternity: Code ­ Excl18

     a. Medical treatment expenses traceable to childbirth (including complicated deliveries and
          caesarean sections incurred during hospitalization) except ectopic pregnancy;

     b. Expenses towards miscarriage (unless due to an accident) and lawful medical termination
          of pregnancy during the Policy period.

IV.  Specific Permanent Exclusions

     i. War or any act of war(whether war be declared or not or caused during service in the armed
          forces of any country), invasion, act of foreign enemy, civil war, public defence, rebellion,
          revolution, insurrection, military or usurped acts, nuclear weapons/materials, chemical and
          biological weapons, radiation of any kind.

     ii. Any Insured Person committing or attempting to commit intentional self-injury or attempted
          suicide or suicide while mentally sound or unsound.

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146 CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th

Floor, Leela Business Park, Andheri-Kurla Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 059. UIN: Optima Plus- 12
HDHHLIP21336V022021
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited

Policy Wording
Optima Plus

             iii. Any Insured Person's participation or involvement in naval, military or air force operation.

             iv. Investigative treatment for Sleep-apnoea, general debility or exhaustion ("run-down
                   condition").

             v. Congenital external diseases, defects or anomalies,

             vi. Stem cell harvesting

             vii. Investigative treatment for analysis and adjustments of spinal subluxation, diagnosis and
                   treatment by manipulation of the skeletal structure or for muscle stimulation by any means
                   except treatment of fractures (excluding hairline fractures) and dislocations of the mandible
                   and extremities).

             viii. Circumcisions (unless necessitated by Illness or Injury and forming part of treatment).

             ix. Any Convalescence, sanatorium treatment, private duty nursing or long-term nursing care.

             x. Preventive care, and other nutritional and electrolyte supplements, unless certified to be
                   required by the attending Medical Practitioner as a direct consequence of an otherwise covered
                   claim.

             xi. Vaccination including inoculation and immunisations (Except post bite treatment),

             xii. Non-Medical expenses such as Food charges (other than patient's diet provided by hospital),
                   laundry charges, attendant charges, ambulance collar, ambulance equipment, baby food,
                   baby utility charges etc. Full list of Non-Medical expenses attached and is attached and also
                   available at www.hdfcergohealth.com.

             xiii. Treatment rendered by a Medical Practitioner which is outside his discipline or the discipline
                   for which he is licensed; treatments rendered by a Medical Practitioner who is a member of
                   an Insured Person's family, or stays with him,

             xiv. Treatment taken on Outpatient basis

             xv. The provision or fitting of hearing aids, spectacles or contact lenses.

             xvi. Any treatment and associated expenses for alopecia, baldness including corticosteroids and
                   topical immunotherapy wigs, toupees, hair pieces, any non-surgical hair replacement method.
                   Optometric therapy.

             xvii. Any treatment or part of a treatment that is not of a Reasonable and Customary charge, not
                   Medically Necessary; treatments or drugs not supported by a prescription.

             xviii. Expenses for Artificial limbs and/or device used for diagnosis or treatment (except when
                   used intra-operatively).prosthesis, corrective devices external durable medical equipment of
                   any kind, wheelchairs crutches and oxygen concentrator for bronchial asthma/ COPD
                   conditions, cost of cochlear implant(s) unless necessitated by an Accident. Exhaustive list of
                   Non-Medical Expenses attached and also available on www.hdfcergo.com.

             xix. Any Claim arising due to Non-disclosure of Pre-existing Illness or Material fact as sought to be
                   declared on the Proposal form.

             xx. Dental treatment and surgery of any kind, unless requiring Hospitalisation

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146 CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th

Floor, Leela Business Park, Andheri-Kurla Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 059. UIN: Optima Plus- 13
HDHHLIP21336V022021
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited

Policy Wording
Optima Plus

             xxi. Any non-allopathic treatment except to the extent of coverage provided for under 'In-patient
                   treatment' cover.

             xxii. Any exclusion mentioned in the Schedule or the breach of any specific condition mentioned
                   in the Schedule

              SECTION D. GENERAL TERMS & CLAUSES

I.  Standard General Terms & Clauses

    a. Condition Precedent to Admission of Liability

    The terms and conditions of the policy must be fulfilled by the insured person for the Company
    to make any payment for claim(s) arising under the policy.

    b. Claim Settlement (Provision for Penal Interest)

    a. The Company shall settle or reject a claim, as the case may be, within 15 days from the
         date of receipt of intimation.

    b. In the case of delay in the payment of a claim, the Company shall be liable to pay interest
         to the Policyholder from the date of receipt of intimation to the date of payment of claim
         at a rate 2% above the bank rate.

    c. Complete Discharge

    Any payment to the policyholder, insured person or his/ her nominees or his/ her legal
    representative or assignee or to the Hospital, as the case may be, for any benefit under the
    policy shall be a valid discharge towards payment of claim by the Company to the extent of
    that amount for the particular claim.

    d. Fraud

    If any claim made by the insured person, is in any respect fraudulent, or if any false statement,
    or declaration is made or used in support thereof, or if any fraudulent means or devices are
    used by the insured person or anyone acting on his/her behalf to obtain any benefit under
    this policy, all benefits under this policy and the premium paid shall be forfeited.

    Any amount already paid against claims made under this policy but which are found fraudulent
    later shall be repaid by all recipient(s)/policyholder(s), who has made that particular claim,
    who shall be jointly and severally liable for such repayment to the insurer.

    For the purpose of this clause, the expression "fraud" means any of the following acts
    committed by the insured person or by his agent or the hospital/doctor/any other party acting
    on behalf of the insured person, with intent to deceive the insurer or to induce the insurer to
    issue an insurance policy:

    a) the suggestion, as a fact of that which is not true and which the insured person does not
         believe to be true;

    b) the active concealment of a fact by the insured person having knowledge or belief of the
         fact;

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146 CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th

Floor, Leela Business Park, Andheri-Kurla Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 059. UIN: Optima Plus- 14
HDHHLIP21336V022021
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited

Policy Wording
Optima Plus

                   c) any other act fitted to deceive; and

                   d) any such act or omission as the law specially declares to be fraudulent

                   The Company shall not repudiate the claim and / or forfeit the policy benefits on the ground
                   of Fraud, if the insured person / beneficiary can prove that the misstatement was true to the
                   best of his knowledge and there was no deliberate intention to suppress the fact or that such
                   misstatement of or suppression of material fact are within the knowledge of the insurer.

             e. Free Look Period

                   The Free Look Period shall be applicable on new individual health insurance policies and not
                   on renewals or at the time of porting/migrating the policy.

                   The insured person shall be allowed free look period of thirtydays from date of receipt of the
                   policy document to review the terms and conditions of the policy, and to return the same if
                   not acceptable.

                   If the insured has not made any claim during the Free Look Period, the insured shall be entitled
                   to

                   i. a refund of the premium paid less any expenses incurred by the Company on medical
                         examination of the insured person and the stamp duty charges or

                   ii. where the risk has already commenced and the option of return of the policy is exercised
                         by the insured person, a deduction towards the proportionate risk premium for period of
                         cover or

                   iii. Where only a part of the insurance coverage has commenced, such proportionate
                         premium commensurate with the insurance coverage during such period;

             f. Multiple Policies

                   i. In case of multiple policies taken by an insured person during a period from one or more
                         insurers to indemnify treatment costs, the insured person shall have the right to require
                         a settlement of his/her claim in terms of any of his/her policies. In all such cases the
                         insurer chosen by the insured person shall be obliged to settle the claim as long as the
                         claim is within the limits of and according to the terms of the chosen policy.

                   ii. Insured person having multiple policies shall also have the right to prefer claims under
                         this policy for the amounts disallowed under any other policy / policies even if the sum
                         insured is not exhausted. Then the insurer shall independently settle the claim subject to
                         the terms and conditions of this policy.

                   iii. If the amount to be claimed exceeds the sum insured under a single policy, the insured
                         person shall have the right to choose insurer from whom he/she wants to claim the
                         balance amount.

                   iv. Where an insured person has policies from more than one insurer to cover the same risk
                         on indemnity basis, the insured person shall only be indemnified the treatment costs in
                         accordance with the terms and conditions of the chosen policy.

             g. Renewal of Policy

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146 CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th

Floor, Leela Business Park, Andheri-Kurla Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 059. UIN: Optima Plus- 15
HDHHLIP21336V022021
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited

Policy Wording
Optima Plus

                   A health insurance policy shall be renewable except on grounds of established fraud or non-
                   disclosure or misrepresentation by the insured, provided the policy is not withdrawn and also
                   subject to conditions stated under Moratorium clause of this schedule.

                   a) Renewal of a health insurance policy shall not be denied on the ground that the insured
                         had made a claim or claims in the preceding policy years, except for benefit based policies
                         where the policy terminates following payment of the benefit covered under the policy
                         like critical illness policies.

                   b) The company shall condone a delay in renewal up to the grace period from the due date
                         of renewal without considering such condonation as a break in policy.

                   c) No loading shall apply on renewals based on individual claims experience

                   d) The Company shall not resort to fresh underwriting unless there is an increase in sum
                         insured. In case increase in sum insured is requested by the Policyholder, the Insurer
                         may underwrite only to the extent of increased sum insured.

                   e) Renewal premium due can be paid prior to the due date as per norms set out by the
                         Company

             h. Withdrawal of Policy

                   i. In the likelihood of this product being withdrawn in future, the Company will intimate the
                         insured person about the same 90 days prior to expiry of the policy.

                   ii. Insured Person will have the option to migrate to similar health insurance product
                         available with the Company at the time of renewal with all the accrued continuity benefits
                         such as cumulative bonus, waiver of waiting period. as per IRDAI guidelines, provided
                         the policy has been maintained without a break.

             i. Possibility of Revision of Terms of the Policy Including the Premium Rates

                   The Company, with prior approval of IRDAI, may revise or modify the terms of the policy
                   including the premium rates. The insured person shall be notified three months before the
                   changes are effected.

             j. Nomination

                   The policyholder is required at the inception of the policy to make a nomination for the purpose
                   of payment of claims under the policy in the event of death of the policyholder. Any change
                   of nomination shall be communicated to the company in writing and such change shall be
                   effective only when an endorsement on the policy is made. In the event of death of the
                   policyholder, the Company will pay the nominee {as named in the Policy Schedule/Policy
                   Certificate/Endorsement (if any)} and in case there is no subsisting nominee, to the legal heirs
                   or legal representatives of the policyholder whose discharge shall be treated as full and final
                   discharge of its liability under the policy.Cancellation

                   i. The Policyholder may cancel this Policy by giving 7 days' written notice and in such an
                         event, the Company shall refund to the Insured a pro-rata premium for the unexpired
                         Policy Period. Note : For Policies where premium is paid by instalment : In case of
                         admissible claim under the Policy, future instalment for the current Policy Year will be
                         adjusted in the claim amount and no refund of any premium will be applicable during the

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146 CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th

Floor, Leela Business Park, Andheri-Kurla Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 059. UIN: Optima Plus- 16
HDHHLIP21336V022021
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited

Policy Wording
Optima Plus

                         Policy Year.

                   ii. The Company may cancel the Policy at any time on grounds of established fraud or non-
                         disclosure or misrepresentation by the Insured Person by giving 15 days' written notice.
                         There would be no refund of premium on cancellation on grounds of established fraud or
                         non-disclosure or misrepresentation.

                   iii. Refund of Policy premium in case of death of Insured Person/s: Policy premium shall be
                         refunded proportionately for the deceased Insured Person, for the unexpired Policy Period
                         in case of death of any Insured Person/s

                   iv. Notwithstanding anything contained herein or otherwise, no refunds of premium shall be
                         made in respect of Cancellation where any claim has been admitted or any benefit has
                         been availed by the Insured Person under the Policy

             k. Moratorium Period

                   After completion of sixty continuous months of coverage (including portability and migration)
                   in health insurance policy, no policy and claim shall be contestable by the insurer on grounds
                   of non-disclosure, misrepresentation, except on grounds of established fraud. This period of
                   sixty continuous months is called as moratorium period. The moratorium would be applicable
                   for the sums insured of the first policy. Wherever, the sum insured is enhanced, completion
                   of sixty continuous months would be applicable from the date of enhancement of sums insured
                   only on the enhanced

             l. Portability

                   The insured person will have the option to port the policy to other insurers by applying to such
                   insurer to port the entire policy along with all the members of the family, if any, at least 30
                   days before, but not earlier than 60 days from the policy renewal date as per IRDAI guidelines
                   related to portability. If such person is presently covered and has been continuously covered
                   without any lapses under any health insurance policy with an Indian General/Health insurer,
                   the proposed insured person will get the accrued continuity benefits in waiting periods as per
                   IRDAI guidelines on portability.

             m. Migration

                   The insured person will have the option to migrate the policy to other health insurance
                   products/plans offered by the company by applying for migration of the policyatleast30 days
                   before the policy renewal date as per IRDAI guidelines on Migration. If such person is
                   presently covered and has been continuously covered without any lapses under any health
                   insurance product/plan offered by the company, the insured person will get the accrued
                   continuity benefits in waiting periods as per IRDAI guidelines on migration.

             n. Disclosure of Information

                   The policy shall be void and all premium paid thereon shall be forfeited to the Company in the
                   event of misrepresentation, mis description or non-disclosure of any material fact by the
                   policyholder.

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146 CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th

Floor, Leela Business Park, Andheri-Kurla Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 059. UIN: Optima Plus- 17
HDHHLIP21336V022021
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited

Policy Wording
Optima Plus

        o. Condition Precedent to Admission of Liability
              The terms and conditions of the Policy must be fulfilled by the Insured Person for the Company
              to make any payment for claim(s) arising under the Policy.

        p. Grievance Redressal Procedure
In case of any grievance the insured person may contact the company through:

First Point of  Call us at 022 6158 2020 / 022 6234 6234/www.hdfcergo.com
   Contact
                For lack of a response or if the response provided does not meet your expectation,
                you can:

Level 1         1. Write to The Complaints & Grievance Cell (C&G Cell)
                     HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited, D-301, 3rd Floor, Eastern
                     Business District (Magnet Mall), LBS Marg, Bhandup (West), Mumbai ­ 400078,
                     Maharashtra

                2. You can also write an email to grievance@hdfcergo.com

                3. Call on 18002677444 (operational Monday - Saturday 9AM to 6PM)

                If you're not satisfied with the resolution or if no response was received within 15
                days, you can:

Level 2         1. Write to the Chief Grievance Officer
                        HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited, D-301, 3rd Floor, Eastern
                        Business District (Magnet Mall), LBS Marg, Bhandup (West), Mumbai ­ 400078,
                        Maharashtra

                2. You can also write an email to cgo@hdfcergo.com

Level 3         In case grievance is not resolved at the above escalation levels, you can also lodge an
                online complaint through the website of Council for Insurance Ombudsmen (CIO)
                www.cioins.co.in

Dedicated Helpline For  Email ID             Contact Number

Senior Citizen          seniorcitizen@hdfcergo.com 022 6158 2026

Women                   -                    022 6158 2055

You may also refer the Grievance Redressal Escalation matrix on our website
https://www.hdfcergo.com/customer-voice/grievances

If Insured Person is not satisfied with the redressal of grievance through above methods, the Insured Person
may also approach the office of Insurance Ombudsman of the respective area/region for redressal of
grievance as per Insurance Ombudsman Rules 2017.

    Grievance may also be lodged at IRDAI Integrated Grievance Management System -
    https://bimabharosa.irdai.gov.in

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146 CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th

Floor, Leela Business Park, Andheri-Kurla Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 059. UIN: Optima Plus- 18
HDHHLIP21336V022021
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited

Policy Wording
Optima Plus

II.  Specific General Terms

     a. Insured Person

     Only those persons named as an Insured Person in the Schedule shall be covered under this
     Policy. Any person may be added during the Policy Period after his application has been
     accepted by Us, additional premium has been paid and We have issued an endorsement
     confirming the addition of such person as an Insured Person.

     There is no maximum cover ceasing age under this Policy.

     We may apply a risk loading on the premium payable (based upon the declarations made in
     the proposal form and the health status of the persons proposed for insurance). The maximum
     risk loading applicable for an individual shall not exceed above 100% per diagnosis / medical
     condition and an overall risk loading of over 150% per person. These loadings are applied
     from Commencement Date of the Policy including subsequent renewal(s) with Us.

     We will inform You about the applicable risk loading through a counter offer letter. You need
     to revert to Us with consent and additional premium (if any), within 15 days of the issuance
     of such counter offer letter. In case, you neither accept the counter offer nor revert to Us
     within 15 days, we shall cancel your application and refund the premium paid within next 7
     days.

     Please note that We will issue Policy only after getting Your consent.

     b. Notification of Claim

                Treatment, Consultation or        We or Our TPA must be informed:
                Procedure:

     1) If any treatment for which a claim        Immediately and in any event at least 48
           may be made is to be taken and that    hours prior to the Insured Person's
           treatment requires Hospitalisation:    admission.

     2) If any treatment for which a claim        Within 24 hours of the Insured Person's
           may be made is to be taken and that    admission to Hospital.
           treatment requires Hospitalisation in
           an Emergency:                          Within 7 days of the Insured Person's
                                                  discharge post-hospitalisation.
     3) For all benefits which are contingent
           on Our prior acceptance of a claim     Within 7 days of completion of such
           under Section 1)a):                    treatment, consultation or procedure.

     4) If any treatment, consultation or         Of any event or occurrence that may give rise
           procedure for which a claim may be     to a claim under this Policy at least 7 days
           made is required in an Emergency:      prior to any consequent treatment,
                                                  consultation or procedure and We or Our TPA
     5) In all other cases:                       must pre-authorise such treatment,
                                                  consultation or procedure.

     Note: In the case of a covered Hospitalisation, the costs of which were not initially estimated

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146 CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th

Floor, Leela Business Park, Andheri-Kurla Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 059. UIN: Optima Plus- 19
HDHHLIP21336V022021
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited

Policy Wording
Optima Plus

                   to exceed the Deductible but were subsequently found likely to exceed the Deductible, the
                   intimation should be submitted along with a copy of intimation made to the other insurer
                   /Reimbursement Provider immediately on knowing that the Deductible is likely to be exceeded.

c. Cashless service:              Treatment,    Cashless Service is        We must be given
           Treatment,             Consultation  Available:                 notice that the
           Consultation or        or                                       Insured Person
           Procedure:             Procedure                                wishes to take
                                  Taken at:                                advantage of the
    1) If any planned                                                      cashless service
           treatment,             Network       We will provide cashless   accompanied by full
           consultation or        Hospital      service by making          particulars:
           procedure for which a                payment to the extent of
           claim may be made      Network       Our liability directly to  At least 48 hours
                                  Hospital      the Network Hospital.      before the planned
    2) If any treatment,                                                   treatment or
           consultation or                      We will provide cashless   Hospitalisation
           procedure for which a                service by making
           claim may be made is                 payment to the extent of   Within 24 hours
           to be taken in an                    Our liability directly to  after the treatment
           Emergency:                           the Network Hospital.      or Hospitalisation

             d. Supporting Documentation & Examination

                   The Insured Person or someone claiming on Your behalf shall provide Us with any
                   documentation, medical records and information We or Our TPA may request to establish the
                   circumstances of the claim, its quantum or Our liability for the claim within 15 days of the
                   earlier of our request or the Insured Person's discharge from Hospitalisation or completion of
                   treatment. Such documentation will include but is not limited to the following:

                   i) Our claim form, duly completed and signed for on behalf of the Insured Person.

                   ii) Original Bills (including but not limited to pharmacy purchase bill, consultation bill,
                         diagnostic bill) and any attachments thereto like receipts or prescriptions in support of
                         any amount claimed which will then become Our property.

                   iii) All reports, including but not limited to all medical reports, case histories, investigation
                         reports, treatment papers, discharge summaries.

                   iv) A precise diagnosis of the treatment for which a claim is made.

                   v) A detailed list of the individual medical services and treatments provided and a unit price

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146 CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th

Floor, Leela Business Park, Andheri-Kurla Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 059. UIN: Optima Plus- 20
HDHHLIP21336V022021
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited

Policy Wording
Optima Plus

                         for each.

                   vi) Prescriptions that name the Insured Person and in the case of drugs: the drugs
                         prescribed, their price and a receipt for payment. Prescriptions must be submitted with
                         the corresponding Doctor's invoice.

                   Note:

                   i) When original bills, receipts, prescriptions, reports and other documents are submitted to
                         the other insurer or to the reimbursement provider, verified photocopies attested by such
                         other organisation/provider have to be submitted.

                   ii) If original bills, receipts, prescriptions, reports and other documents are submitted to Us
                         and Insured Person requires same for claiming from other organisation/provider, then on
                         request from the Insured Person We will provide attested copies of the bills and other
                         documents submitted by the Insured Person.

                   The Insured Person shall have to undergo medical examination by Our authorised Medical
                   Practitioner, as and when We may reasonably require, to obtain an independent opinion for
                   the purpose of processing any claim. We will bear the cost towards performing such medical
                   examination (at the specified location) of the Insured Person.

             e. Claims Payment

                   o We shall be under no obligation to make any payment under this Policy unless We have
                         received all premium payments in full in time and all payments have been realised and
                         We have been provided with the documentation and information We or Our TPA has
                         requested to establish the circumstances of the claim, its quantum or Our liability for it,
                         and unless the Insured Person has complied with his obligations under this Policy.

                   o Our liability to make payment under this policy will only begin when the Deductible as
                         mentioned in Schedule is exceeded. We will pay to the Insured Person, Medical Expenses
                         over and above Deductible but not exceeding the Sum Insured for the Policy Period.

                   o We will only make payment to or at Your direction. If an Insured Person submits the
                         requisite claim documents and information along with a declaration in a format acceptable
                         to Us of having incurred the expenses, this person will be deemed to be authorised by
                         You to receive the concerned payment. In the event of the death of You or an Insured
                         Person, We will make payment to the Nominee (as named in the Schedule). The
                         assignment of benefits payable under this Policy shall be subject to applicable law.

                   o Cashless service: If any treatment, consultation or procedure for which a claim may be
                         made is to be taken at a Network Hospital, then We will provide a cashless service by
                         making payment to the extent of Our liability direct to the Network Hospital as long as
                         We are given notice that the Insured Person wishes to take advantage of a cashless
                         service accompanied by full particulars at least 48 hours before any planned treatment or
                         Hospitalisation or within 24 hours after the treatment or Hospitalisation in the case of an
                         Emergency.

                   o This Policy only covers medical treatment taken within India, and payments under this
                         Policy shall only be made in Indian Rupees within India.

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146 CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th

Floor, Leela Business Park, Andheri-Kurla Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 059. UIN: Optima Plus- 21
HDHHLIP21336V022021
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited

Policy Wording
Optima Plus

                   o We are not obliged to make payment for any claim or that part of any claim that could
                         have been avoided or reduced if the Insured Person had taken reasonable care, or that
                         is brought about or contributed to by the Insured Person failing to follow the directions,
                         advice or guidance provided by a Medical Practitioner.

             f. Alterations to the Policy

                   This Policy constitutes the complete contract of insurance. This Policy cannot be changed or
                   varied by anyone (including an insurance agent or broker) except Us, and any change We
                   make will be evidenced by a written endorsement signed and stamped by Us.

             g. Change of Policyholder

                   The change of Policyholder (except clause w) is permitted only at the time of renewal. If You
                   do not renew the Policy, the other Insured Persons may apply to renew the Policy subject to
                   condition p) above. However, in case, the Insured Person is minor, the Policy shall be renewed
                   only through any one of his/her natural guardian or guardian appointed by Court subject to
                   condition p) above.

             h. Notices

                   Any notice, direction or instruction under this Policy shall be in writing and if it is to:

                   i) Any Insured Person, then it shall be sent to You at Your address specified in the Schedule
                         and You shall act for all Insured Persons for these purposes.

                   ii) Us, it shall be delivered to Our address specified in the Schedule. No insurance agents,
                         brokers or other person or entity is authorised to receive any notice, direction or
                         instruction on Our behalf unless We have expressly stated to the contrary in writing.

             i. Dispute Resolution Clause

                   Any and all disputes or differences under or in relation to this Policy shall be determined by
                   the Indian Courts and subject to Indian law.

             j. Waiver of Deductible

                   We will offer the Insured Person an option to waive the deductible and to opt for 5 Lacs
                   indemnity health insurance Policy (without any Deductible) with Us provided that:

                   i) Insured Person has been insured with Us for first time under this Policy before the age of
                         50 years and has renewed with us continuously and without any interruption,

                   ii) This option for waiver of deductible shall be exercised by the Insured Person only during
                         the age group of 58 to 60 years, and certainly at the time of renewal only.

                   iii) Insured Person will be offered continuity of coverage in terms of waiver of waiting periods
                         to the extent of benefits covered under this Policy.

                   In all other cases, No benefits shall accrue to any Insured Person by virtue of continuity of
                   coverage in the event of discontinuation of this Policy at any point of time or shifting to any
                   other Health Insurance Policy with Us.

             k. Non Disclosure or Misrepresentation:

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146 CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th

Floor, Leela Business Park, Andheri-Kurla Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 059. UIN: Optima Plus- 22
HDHHLIP21336V022021
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited

Policy Wording
Optima Plus

                   I. If at the time of issuance of Policy or during continuation of the Policy, the information
                         provided to Us in the proposal form or otherwise, by You or the Insured Person or anyone
                         acting on behalf of You or an Insured Person is found to be incorrect, incomplete,
                         suppressed or not disclosed, wilfully or otherwise, the Policy shall be:

                   i. cancelled ab initio from the inception date or the renewal date (as the case may be), or
                         the Policy may be modified by Us, at our sole discretion, upon 15 day notice by sending
                         an endorsement to Your address shown in the Schedule ; and

                   ii. the claim under such Policy if any, shall be prejudiced.

             l. We may also exercise any of the below listed options for the purpose of continuing the health
                   insurance coverage in case of Non-Disclosure/Misrepresentation of Pre-existing diseases
                   subject to your prior consent;

                   i. Permanently exclude the disease/condition and continue with the Policy

                   ii. Incorporate additional waiting period of not exceeding3years for the said undisclosed
                         disease or condition from the date the non-disclosed condition was detected and continue
                         with the Policy.

                   iii. Levy underwriting loading from the first year of issuance of policy or renewal, whichever
                         is later.

             The above options will not prejudice the rights of the Company to invoke cancellation under clause
             I above.

                    SECTION E. OTHER TERMS & CONDITIONS

I.   Deductible

     We are not liable for any payment unless the Medical Expenses exceed the Deductible. Deductible
     shall be applicable for each and every Hospitalisation except claims made for Any One Illness.

II.  Claim Related Information

                    Within India                     Outside India

     Claim          Contact No:022 6234 6234 / 0120  Global ContactNo : +800 08250825
     Intimation:    6234 6234                        (accessible from locations outside India
                                                     only)
                    Phone (UAN) :1860 2000 700
                    ( Local charges applicable )     Landline no (Chargeable) : 0120-
                                                     4507250
                    Fax (UAN) : 1860 2000 600
                    ( Local charges applicable )     Emailtravelclaims@hdfcergo.com

                    Email:healthclaims@hdfcergo.com

     Claim          HDFC ERGO General Insurance      HDFC ERGO General Insurance Co Ltd
     document       Co. Ltd.                         6th Floor, Leela Business Park,
     submission at  Stellar IT Park, Tower-1         AndheriKurla Road, Andheri East,

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146 CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th

Floor, Leela Business Park, Andheri-Kurla Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 059. UIN: Optima Plus- 23
HDHHLIP21336V022021
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited

Policy Wording
Optima Plus

address         5th Floor, C - 25, Sector 62            Mumbai-400059,
                Noida ­ 0120 398 8360                   Ph-022 66383600

Note - The Policyholder(s) shall have right to exercise an option to change the existing TPA within
30 days prior to the date of renewal of the Policy from the list of our empanelled TPAs for serving
and process claim under the Optima Plus Policy.

                                            ANNEXURE A

Ombudsman Details
The contact details of the Insurance Ombudsman offices are as below-

                    Office Details                          Jurisdiction of Office
                                                         Union Territory, District)
AHMEDABAD
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,          Gujarat, Dadra & Nagar Haveli, Daman and Diu.
Jeevan Prakash Building, 6th floor,
Tilak Marg, Relief Road,
Ahmedabad ­ 380 001.
Tel.: 079 - 25501201/02
Email: bimalokpal.ahmedabad@cioins.co.in

BENGALURU                                                             Karnataka.
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
Jeevan Soudha Building, PID No. 57-27-N-19
Ground Floor, 19/19, 24th Main Road,
JP Nagar, Ist Phase, Bengaluru ­ 560 078.
Tel.: 080 - 26652048 / 26652049
Email: bimalokpal.bengaluru@cioins.co.in

BHOPAL                                                  Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh.
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
1st floor,"Jeevan Shikha",
60-B,Hoshangabad Road,
Opp. Gayatri Mandir, Arera Hills
Bhopal ­ 462 011.
Tel.: 0755 - 2769201 / 2769202 / 2769203
Email: bimalokpal.bhopal@cioins.co.in

BHUBANESWAR                                                           Odisha.
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
62, Forest park,
Bhubaneswar ­ 751 009.
Tel.: 0674 - 2596461
/2596455/2596429/2596003
Email: bimalokpal.bhubaneswar@cioins.co.in

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146 CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th

Floor, Leela Business Park, Andheri-Kurla Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 059. UIN: Optima Plus- 24
HDHHLIP21336V022021
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited

Policy Wording
Optima Plus

                    Office Details                             Jurisdiction of Office
                                                            Union Territory, District)
CHANDIGARH
Office Of The Insurance Ombudsman,           Punjab, Haryana (excluding Gurugram, Faridabad,
Jeevan Deep Building SCO 20-27,            Sonepat and Bahadurgarh), Himachal Pradesh, Union
Ground Floor Sector- 17 A,                 Territories of Jammu & Kashmir,Ladakh & Chandigarh.
Chandigarh ­ 160 017.
Tel.: 0172-2706468                         Tamil Nadu, PuducherryTown and Karaikal (which are
Email: bimalokpal.chandigarh@cioins.co.in                        part of Puducherry).

CHENNAI
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
Fatima Akhtar Court, 4th Floor, 453,
Anna Salai, Teynampet,
Chennai ­ 600 018.
Tel.: 044 - 24333668 / 24333678
Email: bimalokpal.chennai@cioins.co.in

DELHI                                        Delhi & following Districts of Haryana - Gurugram,
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,                     Faridabad, Sonepat & Bahadurgarh.
2/2 A, Universal Insurance Building,
Asaf Ali Road,                                Assam, Meghalaya, Manipur, Mizoram, Arunachal
New Delhi ­ 110 002.                                     Pradesh, Nagaland and Tripura.
Tel.: 011 - 46013992/23213504/23232481
Email: bimalokpal.delhi@cioins.co.in       Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Yanam and part of Union
                                                               Territory of Puducherry.
GUWAHATI
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,                                     Rajasthan.
Jeevan Nivesh, 5th Floor,
Near Pan Bazar , S.S. Road,
Guwahati ­ 781001(ASSAM).
Tel.: 0361 - 2632204 / 2602205 / 2631307
Email: bimalokpal.guwahati@cioins.co.in

HYDERABAD
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
6-2-46, 1st floor, "Moin Court",
Lane Opp.Hyundai Showroom ,
A. C. Guards, Lakdi-Ka-Pool,
Hyderabad - 500 004.
Tel.: 040 - 23312122 / 23376991 /
23376599 / 23328709 / 23325325
Email: bimalokpal.hyderabad@cioins.co.in

JAIPUR
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
Jeevan Nidhi ­ II Bldg., Gr. Floor,
Bhawani Singh Marg,
Jaipur - 302 005.
Tel.: 0141- 2740363

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146 CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th

Floor, Leela Business Park, Andheri-Kurla Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 059. UIN: Optima Plus- 25
HDHHLIP21336V022021
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited

Policy Wording
Optima Plus

                    Office Details                                Jurisdiction of Office
                                                               Union Territory, District)
Email: bimalokpal.jaipur@cioins.co.in
                                             Kerala, Lakshadweep, Mahe-a part of Union Territory of
KOCHI                                                                     Puducherry.
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
10th Floor, Jeevan Prakash, LIC Building,        West Bengal, Sikkim, Andaman & Nicobar Islands.
Opp to Maharaja's College Ground,
M.G.Road, Kochi - 682 011.                     Districts of Uttar Pradesh : Lalitpur, Jhansi, Mahoba,
Tel.: 0484 - 2358759                            Hamirpur, Banda, Chitrakoot, Allahabad, Mirzapur,
Email: bimalokpal.ernakulam@cioins.co.in      Sonbhabdra, Fatehpur, Pratapgarh, Jaunpur,Varanasi,
                                                Gazipur, Jalaun, Kanpur, Lucknow, Unnao, Sitapur,
KOLKATA                                        Lakhimpur, Bahraich, Barabanki, Raebareli, Sravasti,
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,           Gonda, Faizabad, Amethi, Kaushambi, Balrampur, Basti,
Hindustan Bldg. Annexe, 7th Floor,
4, C.R. Avenue,                                       Ambedkarnagar, Sultanpur, Maharajgang,
Kolkata - 700 072.                              Santkabirnagar, Azamgarh, Kushinagar, Gorkhpur,
Tel.: 033 - 22124339 / 22124341
Email: bimalokpal.kolkata@cioins.co.in                 Deoria, Mau, Ghazipur, Chandauli, Ballia,
                                                                       Sidharathnagar.
LUCKNOW
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,                             List of wards under Mumbai
6th Floor, Jeevan Bhawan, Phase-II,              Metropolitan Region excluding wards in Mumbai ­
Nawal Kishore Road, Hazratganj,
Lucknow - 226 001.                                     i.e M/E, M/W, N, S and T covered under
Tel.: 0522 - 4002082 / 3500613                       Office of Insurance Ombudsman Thane and
Email: bimalokpal.lucknow@cioins.co.in
                                                                   areas of Navi Mumbai.
MUMBAI
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,           State of Uttarakhand and the following Districts of Uttar
3rd Floor, Jeevan Seva Annexe,               Pradesh: Agra, Aligarh, Bagpat, Bareilly, Bijnor, Budaun,
S. V. Road, Santacruz (W),
Mumbai - 400 054.                                Bulandshehar, Etah, Kannauj, Mainpuri, Mathura,
Tel.: 022 - 69038800/27/29/31/32/33            Meerut, Moradabad, Muzaffarnagar, Oraiyya, Pilibhit,
Email: bimalokpal.mumbai@cioins.co.in         Etawah, Farrukhabad, Firozbad, Gautam Buddh nagar,

NOIDA                                            Ghaziabad, Hardoi, Shahjahanpur, Hapur, Shamli,
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,                Rampur, Kashganj, Sambhal, Amroha, Hathras,
Bhagwan Sahai Palace                                          Kanshiramnagar, Saharanpur.
4th Floor, Main Road, Naya Bans, Sector 15,
Distt: Gautam Buddh Nagar, U.P-201301.                                Bihar, Jharkhand.
Tel.: 0120-2514252 / 2514253
Email: bimalokpal.noida@cioins.co.in

PATNA
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
2nd Floor, Lalit Bhawan,
Bailey Road,
Patna 800 001.

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146 CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th

Floor, Leela Business Park, Andheri-Kurla Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 059. UIN: Optima Plus- 26
HDHHLIP21336V022021
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited

Policy Wording
Optima Plus

                    Office Details                               Jurisdiction of Office
                                                              Union Territory, District)
Tel.: 0612-2547068
Email: bimalokpal.patna@cioins.co.in        State of Goa and State of Maharashtra excluding areas
                                            of Navi Mumbai, Thane district, Palghar District, Raigad
PUNE
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,                     district & Mumbai Metropolitan Region
Jeevan Darshan Bldg., 3rd Floor,
C.T.S. No.s. 195 to 198, N.C. Kelkar Road,   Area of Navi Mumbai, Thane District, Raigad District,
Narayan Peth, Pune ­ 411 030.                    Palghar District and wards of Mumbai, M/East,
Tel.: 020-24471175                                                M/West, N, S and T."
Email: bimalokpal.pune@cioins.co.in

THANE
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
2nd Floor,Jeevan Chintamani Building,
Vasantrao Naik Mahamarg,
Thane (West)- 400604
Tel.: 022-20812868/69
Email: bimalokpal.thane@cioins.co.in

                Annexure I - List of Non-Medical Expenses

Sr.No                                             List of Non Medical Expenses
   1   BABY FOOD
   2   BABY UTILITIES CHARGES
   3   BEAUTY SERVICES
   4   BELTS/ BRACES
   5   BUDS
   6   COLD PACK/HOT PACK
   7   CARRY BAGS
   8   EMAIL / INTERNET CHARGES
   9   FOOD CHARGES (OTHER THAN PATIENT'S DIET PROVIDED BY HOSPITAL)
  10   LEGGINGS
  11   LAUNDRY CHARGES
  12   MINERAL WATER
  13   SANITARY PAD
  14   TELEPHONE CHARGES
  15   GUEST SERVICES
  16   CREPE BANDAGE
  17   DIAPER OF ANY TYPE
  18   EYELET COLLAR
  19   SLINGS
  20   BLOOD GROUPING AND CROSS MATCHING OF DONORS SAMPLES
  21   SERVICE CHARGES WHERE NURSING CHARGE ALSO CHARGED
  22   Television Charges

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146 CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th

Floor, Leela Business Park, Andheri-Kurla Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 059. UIN: Optima Plus- 27
HDHHLIP21336V022021
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited

Policy Wording
Optima Plus

     23 SURCHARGES
     24 ATTENDANT CHARGES
     25 EXTRA DIET OF PATIENT (OTHER THAN THAT WHICH FORMS PART OF BED CHARGE)
     26 BIRTH CERTIFICATE
     27 CERTIFICATE CHARGES
     28 COURIER CHARGES
     29 CONVEYANCE CHARGES
     30 MEDICAL CERTIFICATE
     31 MEDICAL RECORDS
     32 PHOTOCOPIES CHARGES
     33 MORTUARY CHARGES
     34 WALKING AIDS CHARGES
     35 OXYGEN CYLINDER (FOR USAGE OUTSTDE THE HOSp|TAL)
     36 SPACER
     37 SPIROMETRE
     38 NEBULIZER KIT
     39 STEAM INHALER
     40 ARMSLING
     41 THERMOMETER
     42 CERVICAL COLLAR
     43 SPLINT
     44 DIABETIC FOOT WEAR
     45 KNEE BRACES (LONG/ SHORT/ HTNGED)
     46 KNEE IMMOBILIZER/SHOULDER IMMOBILIZER
     47 LUMBO SACRAL BELT
     48 NIMBUS BED OR WATER OR AIR BED CHARGES
     49 AMBULANCE COLLAR
     50 AMBULANCE EQUIPMENT
     51 ABDOMINAL BINDER
     52 PRIVATE NURSES CHARGES- SPECIAL NURSING CHARGES
     53 SUGAR FREE Tablets

              CREAMS POWDERS LOTIONS (Toiletries are not payable, only prescribed medical
     54

              pharmaceuticals payable)
     55 ECG ELECTRODES
     56 GLOVES
     57 NEBULISATION KIT
     58 ANY KIT WITH NO DETAILS MENTIONED [DELIVERY KIT, ORTHOKIT, RECOVERY KIT, ETC]
     59 KIDNEY TRAY
     60 MASK
     61 OUNCE GLASS
     62 OXYGEN MASK

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146 CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th

Floor, Leela Business Park, Andheri-Kurla Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 059. UIN: Optima Plus- 28
HDHHLIP21336V022021
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited

Policy Wording
Optima Plus

     63 PELVIC TRACTION BELT
     64 PAN CAN
     65 TROLLY COVER
     66 UROMETER, URINE JUG
     67 AMBULANCE
     68 VASOFIX SAFETY

                            SCHEDULE OF BENEFITS

                  Benefits                                  Sum Insured

Sum Insured per Insured Person per Policy Year Rs 500, 000

Deductible (Rs. In Lacs) (As mentioned in Policy  Rs 100,000; 200,000; 300,000; 400,000; 500,000
Schedule)

1 a) In-patient Treatment                         Covered; Hospitalization for minimum 24 hours
                                                  required.

1 b) Pre-hospitalization                          Covered, maximum upto 60 days

1 c) Post-hospitalization                         Covered, maximum upto 90 days

1 d) Day Care Procedures                          Covered

1 e) Organ Donor                                  Covered

1 f) Emergency Ambulance                          Upto Rs. 2000 per Hospitalisation.

1 g) Domiciliary Treatment                        Covered

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146 CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & Corporate Office: 6th

Floor, Leela Business Park, Andheri-Kurla Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 059. UIN: Optima Plus- 29
HDHHLIP21336V022021
