Activ One
Policy Wording

This detailed document outlines the full terms and conditions of the coverage offered under your health insurance policy, including available coverage,
benefits, claim and grievance redressal procedures, exclusions, and other related terms and conditions. It serves as a legal contract between You
(Policyholder) and Us (the insurer) which mentions rights, responsibilities, coverage details, and exclusions in clear terms.

Section A. Preamble

This Policy is a contract of insurance issued by ADITYA BIRLA HEALTH INSURANCE CO. LIMITED. (hereinafter called the `We / Our / Us / Insurer /
Company') to the proposer mentioned in the Policy Schedule (hereinafter called the `You / Your / Policyholder') to cover the person(s) named in the Policy Schedule
(hereinafter called the `Insured Person/s). The Policy has been issued on the basis of the Disclosure to Information Norm, including the information provided by
You in respect of the Insured Persons in the Proposal Form and on the statements and declaration provided by the Policyholder in the Proposal Form as well as in
any welcome or other tele-verification calls with the Company's authorized person and is subject to receipt of the requisite premium in respect of the Insured
Persons in full and its acceptance by Us, and the terms, conditions and exclusions as specified in this Policy, the Policy Schedule, and the Product Benefit Table of
this Policy.

Key Notes:                                                                                                                                               (Defini-
The terms listed in Section B (Definitions) and which have been used elsewhere in the Policy shall have the meaning set out against them in Section B
tions), wherever they appear in the Policy. If a word is not specifically defined in the following section, it's common meaning will apply.
All claims under the Policy must be made in accordance with the process defined under Section E.2.7 - Claims.

Annexures Summary:

No.                 Description
Annexure I          List of Non-Medical Expenses:
                    List I, List II, List III and List IV: The expenses that are not covered or subsumed into room charges / procedure charges /
Annexure II         costs of treatment normally may be covered under this Product if Claim Protect (Non-Medical Expense Waiver) is applicable to
Annexure III        You and mentioned in the Policy Schedule. For details of Claim Protect please refer Appendix A.

Annexure IV         Contact details of Insurance Ombudsman Offices

                    Product Benefit Table - All the benefits (including optional benefits) which are available under the Policy along with the respective
                    limits / amounts applicable based on the Sum Insured have been summarized in the Product Benefit Table
                    To check the applicability of these benefits to You please refer the Policy Schedule.
                    (The Policy Schedule shall specify which of the specified variant's base covers and optional covers are in force and available for
                    the Insured Persons under the Policy during the Policy Period)

                    Applicability Matrix of Chronic Management Program for listed 7 Chronic conditions

         Section B. Definitions

The terms defined below and at other junctures in the Policy have the meanings ascribed to them wherever they appear in this Policy and, where, the context so
requires, references to the singular include references to the plural; references to the male includes the female and references to any statutory enactment
includes subsequent changes to the same.

B.1 ­ Standard Definitions

1. Accident: Sudden, unforeseen and involuntary event caused by external, visible and violent means.

2. AYUSH Hospital: Is a healthcare facility wherein medical / surgical / para-surgical treatment procedures and interventions are carried out by AYUSH
      Medical Practitioner(s) comprising of any of the following:
      a. Central or State Government AYUSH Hospital; or
      b. Teaching hospital attached to AYUSH College recognized by the Central
          Government / Central Council of Indian Medicine / Central Council for Homeopathy;
          or
      c. AYUSH Hospital, standalone or co-located with In-Patient healthcare facility of any recognized system of medicine, registered with the local
      authorities, wherever applicable, and is under the supervision of a qualified registered AYUSH Medical Practitioner and must comply with all the
      following criterion:
      i. Having at least 5 In-patient beds;
      ii. Having qualified AYUSH Medical Practitioner in charge round the clock;
      iii. Having dedicated AYUSH therapy sections as required and / or has equipped operation theatre where surgical procedures are to be carried out;
      viii. Maintaining daily records of the patients and making them accessible to the insurance company's authorized representative.

3. AYUSH Day Care Centre: means and includes Community Health Centre (CHC), Primary Health Centre (PHC), Dispensary, Clinic, Polyclinic or any
      such health centre which is registered with the local authorities, wherever applicable and having facilities for carrying out treatment procedures and
      medical or surgical / para-surgical interventions or both under the supervision of registered AYUSH Medical Practitioner(s) on day care basis without
      In-Patient services and must comply with all the following criterion:

                                                                                                                                                                                    Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
      a. Having qualified registered AYUSH Medical Practitioner(s) in charge;
      b. Having dedicated AYUSH therapy sections as required and / or has equipped operation theatre where surgical procedures are to be carried out;
      c. Maintaining daily records of the patients and making them accessible to the insurance company's authorized representative.

4. AYUSH Treatment: refers to the medical and / or hospitalization treatments given under Ayurveda, Yoga and Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and
      Homeopathy systems.

5. Break in Policy: means the period of gap that occurs at the end of the existing policy term/installment premium due date, when the premium due for
      renewal on a given policy or installment premium due is not paid on or before the premium renewal date or grace period.

6. Cashless Facility: A facility extended by the insurer to the insured where the payments, of the costs of treatment undergone by the insured in
      accordance with the policy terms and conditions, are directly made to the Network Provider by the insurer to the extent pre-authorization is
      approved.

7. Cancer of Specified Severity:
      a. A malignant tumour characterized by the uncontrolled growth and spread of malignant cells with invasion and destruction of normal tissues. This
          diagnosis must be supported by histological evidence of malignancy. The term cancer includes leukaemia, lymphoma and sarcoma.
      b. The following are excluded:
          i. All Tumors which are histologically described as carcinoma in situ, benign, pre-malignant, borderline malignant, low malignant potential,
          neoplasm of unknown behaviour, or non-invasive, including but not limited to: Carcinoma in situ of breasts, Cervical dysplasia CIN-1,
                CIN-2 and CIN-3;
          ii. Any non-melanoma skin carcinoma unless there is evidence of metastases to lymph nodes or beyond;
          iii. Malignant melanoma that has not caused invasion beyond the epidermis;
          iv. All tumours of the prostate unless histologically classified as having a Gleason score greater than 6 or having progressed to at least
                clinical TNM classification T2N0M0;
          v. All Thyroid cancers histologically classified as T1N0M0 (TNM Classification) or below;
          vi. Chronic lymphocytic leukaemia less than RAI stage 3;
          vii. Non-invasive papillary cancer of the bladder histologically described as TaN0M0 or of a lesser classification;
          viii. All Gastro-Intestinal Stromal Tumors histologically classified as T1N0M0 (TNM Classification) or below and with mitotic count of less than or
                equal to 5/50 HPFs.

8. Condition Precedent: A policy term or condition upon which the Insurer's liability under the policy is conditional upon.

9. Congenital Anomaly: A condition which is present since birth, and which is abnormal with reference to form, structure or position.
      a. Internal Congenital Anomaly
          Congenital anomaly which is not in the visible and accessible parts of the body.
      b. External Congenital Anomaly
          Congenital anomaly which is in the visible and accessible parts of the body.

10. Co-Payment: means a cost sharing requirement under a health insurance policy that provides that the Policyholder / Insured will bear a specified
      percentage of the admissible claims amount. A co-payment does not reduce the Sum Insured.

11. Coma of Specified Severity:
      a. A state of unconsciousness with no reaction or response to external stimuli or internal needs. This diagnosis must be supported by evidence of
          all of the following:
          i. No response to external stimuli continuously for at least 96 hours;
          ii. Life support measures are necessary to sustain life; and
          iii. Permanent neurological deficit which must be assessed at least 30 days after the onset of the coma.
      b. The condition has to be confirmed by a specialist medical practitioner. Coma resulting directly from alcohol or drug abuse is excluded.

12. Day Care Centre: means any institution established for day care treatment of illness and / or injuries or a medical set-up with a hospital and which
      has been registered with the local authorities, wherever applicable, and is under the supervision of a registered and qualified medical practitioner and
      must comply with all minimum criterion as under:
      a. Has qualified nursing staff under its employment;
      b. Has qualified medical practitioner/s in charge;
      c. Has fully equipped operation theatre of its own where surgical procedures are carried out;
      d. Maintains daily records of patients and will make these accessible to the insurance company's authorized personnel.

13. Day Care Treatment: means medical treatment, and / or surgical procedure which is
      a. Undertaken under General or Local Anaesthesia in a hospital/day care centre in less than 24 hours because of technological advancement, and
      b. Which would have otherwise required hospitalization of more than 24 hours.

      Treatment normally taken on an out-patient basis is not included in the scope of this definition.

14. Deductible: means a cost-sharing requirement under a health insurance policy that provides that the insurer will not be liable for a specified rupee
      amount in case of indemnity policies and for a specified number of days / hours in case of hospital cash policies which will apply before any benefits
      are payable by the insurer. A deductible does not reduce the Sum Insured. The deductible is separate from any Aggregate Deductible that may be
      in-force and applicable under the Policy, as specified in the Policy Schedule.

15. Dental Treatment: means a treatment related to teeth or structures supporting teeth including examinations, fillings (where appropriate), crowns,
      extractions and surgery.

16. Deafness:
      Total and irreversible loss of hearing in both ears as a result of illness or accident. This diagnosis must be supported by pure tone audiogram test
      and certified by an Ear, Nose and Throat (ENT) specialist. Total means "the loss of hearing to the extent that the loss is greater than 90 decibels
      across all frequencies of hearing" in both ears.

17. Disclosure of information norm: means the policy shall be void and all premium paid hereon shall be forfeited to the Company in the event of
      misrepresentation, mis-description or non-disclosure of any material fact.

18. Domiciliary Hospitalization: means medical treatment for an illness / disease / injury which in the normal course would require care and
      treatment at a hospital but is actually taken while confined at home under any of the following circumstances:

                                                                                                                                                                                    Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
      a. The condition of the patient is such that he / she is not in a condition to be removed to a hospital, or
      b. The patient takes treatment at home on account of non-availability of room in a hospital.

19. Emergency Care: means management for an illness or injury which results in symptoms which occur suddenly and unexpectedly, and requires
      immediate care by a medical practitioner to prevent death or serious long term impairment of the insured person's health.

20. Emergency Assistance Service Provider: means the licensed entity which will provide identified emergency medical assistance and personal
      services to people travelling more than 150 (one hundred and fifty) kilometres from their declared place of residence in India.

21. End Stage Lung Failure: means End stage lung disease, causing chronic respiratory failure, as confirmed and evidenced by all of the following:
      a. FEV1 test results consistently less than 1 litre measured on 3 occasions 3 months apart; and
      b. Requiring continuous permanent supplementary oxygen therapy for hypoxemia; and
      c. Arterial blood gas analysis with partial oxygen pressures of 55mmHg or less (PaO2 <55 mm Hg); and
      d. Dyspnea at rest.

22. End Stage Liver Failure:
      a. Permanent and irreversible failure of liver function that has resulted in all three of the following:
          i. Permanent jaundice; and
          ii. Ascites; and
          iii. Hepatic encephalopathy.
      b. Liver failure secondary to drug or alcohol abuse is excluded.

23. Grace Period: means the specified period of time immediately following the premium due date during which premium payment can be made to renew
      or continue a policy in force without loss of continuity benefits such as waiting periods and coverage of pre-existing diseases. Coverage need not
      be available during the period for which no premium is received. The grace period for payment of the premium for all types of insurance policies shall
      be: fifteen days where premium payment mode is monthly and thirty days in all other cases.
      Coverage is available during the Grace Period, if the premium is paid in instalments during the Policy Period

24. Hospital: means any institution established for In-patient care and day care treatment of Illness and / or injuries and which has been registered as a
      hospital with the local authorities under the Clinical Establishments (Registration and Regulation) Act 2010 or under the enactments specified under
      the Schedule of Section 56(1) of the said act or complies with all minimum criteria as under:
      a. Has qualified nursing staff under its employment round the clock;
      b. Has at least 10 In-patient beds in towns having a population of less than 10,00,000 and at least 15 In-patient beds in all other places;
      c. Has qualified medical practitioner(s) in charge round the clock;
      d. Has a fully equipped operation theatre of its own where surgical procedures are carried out;
      e. Maintains daily records of patients and make these accessible to the insurance company's authorized personnel.

25. Hospitalization: means admission in a Hospital for a minimum period of 24 consecutive `In-Patient Care' hours except for specified procedures /
      treatments, where such admission could be for a period of less than 24 consecutive hours.

26. Illness: means a sickness or a disease or pathological condition leading to the impairment of normal physiological function and requires medical
      treatment.

      a. Acute condition ­ Acute condition means is a disease, illness or injury that is likely to respond quickly to treatment which aims to return the person
          to his or her state of health immediately before suffering the disease / illness / injury which leads to full recovery.

      b. Chronic condition ­ A chronic condition is defined as a disease, illness, or injury that has one or more of the following characteristics:
          i. It needs ongoing or long-term monitoring through consultations, examinations, check-ups, and / or tests;
          ii. It needs ongoing or long-term control or relief of symptoms;
          iii. It requires rehabilitation for the patient or for the patient to be specially trained to cope with it;
          iv. It continues indefinitely;
          v. It recurs or is likely to recur.

27. Injury: means accidental physical bodily harm excluding illness or disease solely and directly caused by external, violent and visible and evident means
      which is verified and certified by a Medical Practitioner.

28. In-Patient Care: means treatment for which the insured person has to stay in a hospital for more than 24 hours for a covered event.

29. Intensive Care Unit (ICU): means an identified section, ward or wing of a hospital which is under the constant supervision of a dedicated medical
      practitioner(s), and which is specially equipped for the continuous monitoring and treatment of patients who are in a critical condition, or require life
      support facilities and where the level of care and supervision is considerably more sophisticated and intensive than in the ordinary and other wards.

30. ICU (Intensive Care Unit) Charges: means the amount charged by a Hospital towards ICU expenses which shall include the expenses for ICU bed,
      general medical support services provided to any ICU patient including monitoring devices, critical care nursing and intensivist charges.

31. Kidney Failure Requiring Regular Dialysis:
      End stage renal disease presenting as chronic irreversible failure of both kidneys to function, as a result of which either regular renal dialysis
      (hemodialysis or peritoneal dialysis) is instituted or renal transplantation is carried out. Diagnosis has to be confirmed by a specialist medical
      practitioner.

32. Loss of Speech:
      Total and irrecoverable loss of the ability to speak as a result of injury or disease to the vocal cords. The inability to speak must be established for
      a continuous period of 12 months. This diagnosis must be supported by medical evidence furnished by and Ear, Nose, Throat (ENT) specialist.

33. Major Organ / Bone Marrow Transplant:
      a. The actual undergoing of a transplant of:
          i. One of the following human organs: heart, lung, liver, kidney, pancreas, that resulted from irreversible end-stage failure of the relevant organ,
                or
          ii. Human bone marrow using haematopoietic stem cells. The undergoing of a transplant has to be confirmed by a specialist medical practitioner.

      b. The following are excluded:
          i. Other stem-cell transplants
          ii. Where only islets of langerhans are transplanted

34. Medical Advice: means any consultation or advice from a Medical Practitioner including the issuance of any prescription or follow-up prescription.

                                                                                                                                                                                    Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
35. Medical Expenses: means those expenses that an Insured Person has necessarily and actually incurred for medical treatment on account of Illness or
      Accident on the advice of a Medical Practitioner, as long as these are no more than would have been payable if the Insured Person had not been
      insured and no more than other hospitals or doctors in the same locality would have charged for the same medical treatment.

36. Medical Practitioner: means a person who holds a valid registration from the Medical Council of any State or Medical Council of India or Council for
      Indian Medicine or for Homeopathy set up by the Government of India or a State Government and is thereby entitled to practice medicine within its
      jurisdiction; and is acting within the scope and jurisdiction of license. Medical Practitioner who is sharing the same residence as the Insured Person
      and is a Family Member of the Insured Person are not considered as Medical Practitioner under the scope of this Policy.

      Medical Practitioner (Definition applicable for the treatment taken outside India) means a licensed medical practitioner acting within the scope of his
      license and who holds a degree of a recognized institution and is registered by the Authorized Medical Council of the respective country.

37. Medically Necessary Treatment: means any treatment, test, medication, or stay in hospital or part of stay in hospital which:
      a. Is required for the medical management of the illness or injury suffered by the insured;
      b. Must not exceed the level of care necessary to provide safe, adequate and appropriate medical care in scope, duration or intensity;
      c. Must have been prescribed by a medical practitioner;
      d. Must conform to the professional standards widely accepted in international medical practice or by the medical community in India.

38. Migration: means a facility provided to policyholders (including all members under family cover and group policies), to transfer the credits gained for
      pre-existing diseases and specific waiting periods from one health insurance policy to another with the same insurer.

39. Myocardial Infarction (First Heart Attack of specific severity):
      a. The first occurrence of heart attack or myocardial infarction, which means the death of a portion of the heart muscle as a result of inadequate
          blood supply to the relevant area. The diagnosis for Myocardial Infarction should be evidenced by all of the following criteria:
          i. A history of typical clinical symptoms consistent with the diagnosis of acute myocardial infarction (For e.g. typical chest pain);
          ii. New characteristic electrocardiogram changes;
          iii. Elevation of infarction specific enzymes, Troponins or other specific biochemical markers.
      b. The following are excluded:
          i. Other acute Coronary Syndromes;
          ii. Any type of angina pectoris;
          iii. A rise in cardiac biomarkers or Troponin T or I in absence of overt ischemic heart disease OR following an intra-arterial cardiac procedure.

40. Maternity Expense shall include:
      a. Medical Treatment Expenses traceable to childbirth (including complicated deliveries and caesarean sections incurred during Hospitalization);
      b. Expenses towards lawful medical termination of pregnancy during the Policy Period.

41. Motor Neuron Disease with Permanent Symptoms:
      Motor neuron disease diagnosed by a specialist medical practitioner as spinal muscular atrophy, progressive bulbar palsy, amyotrophic lateral
      sclerosis or primary lateral sclerosis. There must be progressive degeneration of corticospinal tracts and anterior horn cells or bulbar efferent
      neurons. There must be current significant and permanent functional neurological impairment with objective evidence of motor dysfunction that
      has persisted for a continuous period of at least 3 months.

42. Multiple Sclerosis with Persisting Symptoms:
          The unequivocal diagnosis of Definite Multiple Sclerosis confirmed and evidenced by all of the following:
          i. Investigations including typical MRI findings, which unequivocally confirm the diagnosis to be multiple sclerosis and
          ii. There must be current clinical impairment of motor or sensory function, which must have persisted for a continuous period of at least 6
                months.

43. Network Provider: means hospitals or health care providers enlisted by an insurer, TPA or jointly by an Insurer and TPA to provide medical services
      to an insured by a cashless facility.

44. Non-Network Provider: means any hospital, day care centre or other provider that is not part of the network.

45. Notification of Claim: means the process of intimating a claim to the insurer or TPA through any of the recognized modes of communication.

46. OPD Treatment: means the one in which the Insured visits a clinic / hospital or associated facility like a consultation room for diagnosis and treatment
      based on the advice of a Medical Practitioner. The Insured is not admitted as a day care patient or in-patient.

47. Open Heart Replacement Or Repair Of Heart Valves:
      The actual undergoing of open-heart valve Surgery is to replace or repair one or more heart valves, as a consequence of defects in, abnormalities
      of, or disease-affected cardiac valve(s). The diagnosis of the valve abnormality must be supported by an echocardiography and the realization of
      surgery has to be confirmed by a specialist medical practitioner. Catheter based techniques including but not limited to, balloon valvotomy /
      valvuloplasty are excluded.

48. Open Chest CABG:
      a. The actual undergoing of heart surgery to correct blockage or narrowing in one or more coronary artery(s), by coronary artery bypass grafting done
          via a sternotomy (cutting through the breast bone) or minimally invasive key hole coronary artery bypass procedures.
          The diagnosis must be supported by a coronary angiography and the realization of surgery has to be confirmed by a cardiologist.
      b. The following are excluded:
          i. Angioplasty and / or any other intra-arterial procedures

49. Portability: means a facility provided to the health insurance policyholders (including all members under family cover), to transfer the credits gained
      for, pre-existing diseases and specific waiting periods from one insurer to another insurer.

50. Permanent Paralysis of Limbs:
      Total and irreversible loss of use of two or more limbs as a result of injury or disease of the brain or spinal cord. A specialist medical practitioner
      must be of the opinion that the paralysis will be permanent with no hope of recovery and must be present for more than 3 months.

51. Pre-existing disease (PED): means any condition, ailment, injury or disease:
      a) that is/are diagnosed by a physician not more than 36 months prior to the date of commencement of the policy issued by the insurer; or
      b) for which medical advice or treatment was recommended by, or received from, a physician, not more than 36 months prior to the date of
          commencement of the policy.

                                                                                                                                                                                    Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
52. Pre-Hospitalization Medical Expenses: means Medical Expenses incurred during pre-defined number of days preceding the hospitalization of the Insured
      Person, provided that:
      a. Such Medical Expenses are incurred for the same condition for which the Insured Person's Hospitalization was required, and
      b. The In-patient Hospitalization claim for such Hospitalization is admissible by the Insurance Company.

53. Post-Hospitalization Medical Expenses: means Medical Expenses incurred during pre-defined number of days immediately after the insured person is
      discharged from the hospital provided that:
      a. Such Medical Expenses are for the same condition for which the Insured person's hospitalization was required, and
      b. The In-patient hospitalization claim for such hospitalization is admissible by the Insurance company.

54. Qualified Nurse: means a person who holds a valid registration from the Nursing Council of India or the Nursing Council of any state in India.

55. Renewal: means the terms on which the contract of insurance can be renewed on mutual consent with a provision of grace period for treating the renewal
      continuous for the purpose of gaining credit for pre-existing diseases, time-bound exclusions and for all Waiting Periods.

56. Room Rent: means the amount charged by a Hospital towards Room and Boarding expenses and shall include the associated medical expenses.

57. Surgery or Surgical Procedure: means manual and / or operative procedure (s) required for treatment of an illness or injury, correction of deformities and
      defects, diagnosis and cure of diseases, relief from suffering and prolongation of life, performed in a hospital or day care centre by a medical practitioner.

58. Surgical Treatment for benign Brain Tumour:
      a. We will be covering surgical treatment of Benign solid brain tumour limited to;
          i. Surgical Removal of solid brain tumour through Intra cranial surgery by the route of Burr Hole Procedure or Craniotomy
          ii. Embolization of Intra cranial blood vessels, needed for the treatment of solid brain Tumour
      b. Benign solid brain tumour is defined as a life threatening, non-cancerous tumour in the brain, cranial nerves or meninges within the skull.
          The presence of the underlying tumour must be confirmed by imaging studies such as CT scan or MRI.
      c. This brain tumour must result in at least one of the following and must be confirmed by the relevant medical specialist.
          i. Permanent Neurological deficit with persisting clinical symptoms for a continuous period of at least 90 consecutive days or
          ii. Undergone surgical resection or radiation therapy to treat the brain tumour.
          The following conditions are excluded:
          Cysts, Granulomas, malformations in the arteries or veins of the brain, hematomas, abscesses, tumors of skull bones and tumors of the spinal cord.

59. Stroke Resulting in Permanent Symptoms:
      a. Any cerebrovascular incident producing permanent neurological sequelae. This includes infarction of brain tissue, thrombosis in an intracranial
          vessel, haemorrhage and embolization from an extracranial source. Diagnosis has to be confirmed by a specialist medical practitioner and
          evidenced by typical clinical symptoms as well as typical findings in CT Scan or MRI of the brain. Evidence of permanent neurological deficit

          lasting for at least 3 months has to be produced.
      b. The following are excluded:

          i. Transient ischemic attacks (TIA)
          ii. Traumatic Injury of the brain
          iii. Vascular disease affecting only the eye or optic nerve or vestibular functions.

60. Specific Waiting Period: means a period up to 36 months from the commencement of a health insurance policy during which period specified
      diseases/treatments (except due to an accident) are not covered. On completion of the period, diseases /treatments shall be covered provided the
      policy has been continuously without any break.

61. Third Degree Burns:
      There must be third-degree burns with scarring that cover at least 20% of the body's surface area. The diagnosis must confirm the total area
      involved using standardized, clinically accepted, body surface area charts covering 20% of the body surface area.

62. Unproven / Experimental Treatment: means the treatment including drug experimental therapy which is based on established medical practice in
      India, is a treatment experimental or unproven.

      B.2 ­ Specific Definitions

1. Adventure / Hazardous Sports: means any sport or activity involving physical exertion and skill including but not limited to, para-jumping, rock
      climbing, mountaineering, rafting, motor racing, horse racing or scuba diving, hand gliding, sky diving, deep-sea diving, in which an Insured Person
      participates or competes for entertainment or as part of his profession whether he / she is trained or not.

2. Age / Aged: means completed years on last birthday as on Commencement Date.

3. Ambulance: means a motor vehicle operated by a licenced / authorised service provider and equipped for the transport and paramedical treatment
      of the person requiring medical attention.

4. Annexure: A document attached and marked as Annexure to this Policy.

5. Annual Health Check-up: means a package of medical test(s) undertaken for general assessment of health status, excluding any diagnostic or
      investigative medical tests for evaluation of any Illness.

6. Associated Medical Expenses: means consultation fees, charges on operation theatre, surgical appliances and nursing, and expenses on
      anaesthesia, blood, oxygen incurred during Hospitalization of the Insured Person. Associated Medical Expenses does not include cost of pharmacy
      and consumables, cost of implants and medical devices, and cost of diagnostics.

7. Alzheimer's Disease: We will be covering the Unequivocal diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease (presenile dementia) before age 60 that has to be
      confirmed by a consultant physician of bacterial meningitis that must be proven on analysis of the cerebrospinal fluid.

      There must also be permanent objective neurological deficit that is present on physical examination at least 3 months after the diagnosis of the
      meningitis infection.

                                                                                                                                                                                    Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
8. Aorta Graft Surgery:
      a. We will be covering the actual undergoing of major Surgery to repair or correct aneurysm, narrowing, obstruction or dissection of the Aorta
          through surgical opening of the chest or abdomen. For the purpose of this cover the definition of "Aorta" shall mean the thoracic and abdominal
          aorta but not its branches.
      b. The following are excluded:
          i. Surgery performed using only minimally invasive or intra-arterial techniques.
          ii. Angioplasty and all other intra-arterial, catheter based techniques, "keyhole" or laser procedures.

9. Aplastic Anemia: Chronic persistent bone marrow failure which results in anaemia, neutropenia and thrombocytopenia requiring treatment with
      at least one of the following:
      a. Blood product transfusion;
      b. Marrow stimulating agents;
      c. Immunosuppressive agents; or
      d. Bone marrow transplantation

      The diagnosis must be confirmed by a haematologist using relevant laboratory investigations including Bone Marrow Biopsy resulting in bone marrow
      cellularity of less than 25% which is evidenced by any two of the following:
      a. Absolute neutrophil count of 500/mm³ or less
      b. Platelets count less than 20,000/mm³ or less
      c. Absolute Reticulocyte count of 20,000/mm³ or less

      Temporary or reversible Aplastic Anaemia is excluded. In this condition, the bone marrow fails to produce sufficient blood cells or clotting agents

10. Bank Rate: means the rate fixed by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) at the beginning of the financial year, which shall be applied depending on the
      year in which a claim is due.

11. Base Sum Insured: means the pre-defined Policy limit applicable for claims made during each Policy Year, as specified against an Insured Person or
      all Insured Persons in the Policy Schedule and Annexure III - Product Benefit Table.

12. Bacterial Meningitis: Bacterial meningitis is a bacterial infection of the meninges of the brain causing brain dysfunction. There must be an
      unequivocal diagnosis by a consultant physician of bacterial meningitis that must be proven on analysis of the cerebrospinal fluid. There must also be
      permanent objective neurological deficit that is present on physical examination at least 3 months after the diagnosis of the meningitis infection.

13. Biological Attack or Weapons: means the emission, discharge, dispersal, release or escape of any pathogenic (disease producing) micro-organisms
      and / or biologically produced toxins (including genetically modified organisms and chemically synthesized toxins) which are capable of causing any
      Illness, incapacitating disablement or death.

14. Bone Marrow Transplant: We will be covering Bone Marrow Transplantation (BMT) or Peripheral Blood Stem Cell Transplantation (PBSCT) of bone
      marrow cells to the Insured originating from:
      a. The Insured (Autologous bone marrow transplant); or
      b. From a living compatible donor (allogeneic bone marrow transplant).

15. Cancer Treatment:
      a. We will be covering Primary Treatment of a malignant tumour characterized by the uncontrolled growth and spread of malignant cells with invasion
          and destruction of normal tissues. This diagnosis must be supported by histological evidence of malignancy.
          The term cancer including but not limited to leukaemia, lymphoma and sarcoma (except cutaneous lymphoma)
      b. Any In-situ Cancer which is limited to the epithelium where it originated and did not invade the stroma or the surrounding tissues.
      c. Any pre-cancerous change in the cells that are cytological or histologically classified as high grade dysplasia or severe dysplasia

16. Cardiac Arrest (excluding angioplasty): Cardiac arrest is defined as confirmation by a cardiology medical specialist of a definite diagnosis of sudden
      cardiac arrest that results in unconsciousness, loss of effective circulation and the undergoing of cardio-pulmonary resuscitation to sustain life.
      Diagnosis must be evident by electrographic changes. For the above definition, following is not covered:
      a. Cessation of cardiac function induced to perform a surgical or medical procedure.

17. Chemical Attack or Weapons: means the emission, discharge, dispersal, release or escape of any solid, liquid or gaseous chemical compound which,
      when suitably distributed, is capable of causing any Illness, incapacitating disablement or death.

18. Commencement Date: means the date of commencement of insurance coverage under the Policy as specified in the Policy Schedule.

19. Coronary Artery By-Pass Surgery:
      a. We will be covering the actual undergoing of heart surgery to correct blockage or narrowing in one or more coronary artery(s), by coronary artery
          bypass grafting done via a sternotomy (cutting through the breast bone) or minimally invasive keyhole coronary artery bypass procedures. The
          diagnosis must be supported by a coronary angiography and the realization of surgery has to be confirmed by a cardiologist.
      b. The following are excluded: Angioplasty and / or any other intra-arterial procedures.

20. Cerebral Aneurysm - with Surgery or Radiotherapy: we will be covering Cerebral aneurysm and Surgical treatment diagnosed by appropriate medical
      consultant supported with evidence of cerebral angiogram and / or magnetic resonance angiography and / or CT scan.
      Treatment for a cerebral aneurysm using any one of the following:
      i. Craniotomy
      ii. Stereotatic radiotherapy
      iii. Endovascular treatment by using coils to cause thrombosis (embolisation)

      For the above definition the following are not covered:
      i. Cerebral arteriovenous malformation

21. Dependent Child: shall mean a child (natural or legally adopted or stepchild), who is financially dependent on You and does not have his / her
      independent source of income, and is up to the Age of 25 years.

                                                                                                                                                                                    Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
22. Empanelled Service Providers: means service provider (Doctor's clinic, Diagnostic centre, Medicine, Drug vendor, medical service provider and Home
      care treatment provider) enlisted by Us, TPA or jointly by Us and TPA to provide OPD medical services to an Insured Person by a Cashless Facility.

23. Evidence Based Clinical Practice means process of making clinical decisions for Inpatient Care using current best evidence in conjugation with
      clinical expertise.

24. E-Consultation means opinion from a Medical Practitioner who holds a valid registration from the medical council of any state or medical council of
      India or council for Indian medicine or for homeopathy set up by the Government of India or a state government and is thereby entitled to practice
      medicine within its jurisdiction; and is acting within the scope and jurisdiction of his license.

25. Fulminant Viral Hepatitis: a sub-massive to massive necrosis of the liver by any virus, leading precipitously to liver failure. This diagnosis must be
      supported by all of the following:
      a. Rapid decreasing of liver size; and
      b. Necrosis involving entire lobules, leaving only a collapsed reticular framework; and
      c. Rapid deterioration of liver function tests; and
      d. Deepening jaundice; and
      e. Hepatic encephalopathy.
      Acute Hepatitis infection or carrier status alone does not meet the diagnostic criteria.

26. Fulminant Hepatitis: a sub-massive to massive necrosis of the liver by the Hepatitis virus, leading precipitously to liver failure. This diagnosis must be
      supported by all of the following:
      a. Rapid decreasing of liver size;
      b. Necrosis involving entire lobules, leaving only a collapsed reticular framework;
      c. Rapid deterioration of liver function tests;
      d. Deepening jaundice; and
      e. Hepatic encephalopathy.
      Acute Hepatitis infection or carrier status alone does not meet the diagnostic criteria.

27. Hospital (outside India) means an institution (including nursing homes) established outside India for Inpatient medical care and treatment of sickness
      and injuries which has been registered and licensed as such with the appropriate local or other authorities in the relevant area, wherever applicable, and
      is under the constant supervision of a Medical Practitioner. The term Hospital shall not include a clinic, rest home, or convalescent home for the addicted,
      detoxification centre, sanatorium, old age home.

28. Home: means the Insured Person's place of permanent residence as specified in the Policy Schedule.

29. Heart Transplant: we will be covering the actual undergoing of a transplant of human heart due to irreversible end-stage failure of the heart. The
      diagnosis and the undergoing of a transplant has to be confirmed by a specialist Medical Practitioner.

30. Heart Valve Replacement:
      a. The actual undergoing of open-heart valve surgery is to replace or repair one or more heart valves, as a consequence of defects in, abnormalities
          of, or disease affected cardiac valve(s). The diagnosis of the valve abnormality must be supported by an echocardiography and the realization of
          surgery has to be confirmed by a specialist medical practitioner.
      b. The following are excluded: Catheter based techniques including but not limited to, balloon valvotomy/valvuloplasty are excluded.

31. Insured Person: means persons named in the Policy Schedule who are insured under the Policy and in respect of whom the applicable premium has
      been received in full.

32. IRDAI: The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India.

33. Kidney Transplant Surgery in case of End Stage Renal Failure: we will be covering Kidney Transplant Surgery due to following cases:
      End stage renal disease presenting as chronic irreversible failure of both kidneys to function, as a result of which either regular renal dialysis
      (haemodialysis or peritoneal dialysis) is instituted or renal transplantation is carried out. Diagnosis has to be confirmed by a specialist Medical
      Practitioner.

34. Life threatening situation: shall mean a serious medical condition or symptom resulting from Injury or Illness which is not Pre-Existing Disease, which
      arises suddenly and unexpectedly, and requires immediate care and treatment by a Medical Practitioner, generally received within 24 hours of onset to
      avoid jeopardy to life or serious long term impairment of the Insured Person's health, until stabilisation at which time this medical condition or symptom
      is not considered an Emergency anymore.

35. Live-in Partner shall, for the purpose herein, means either half of the two unmarried adult persons of any gender and irrespective of the sexual
      orientation, who have consensually chosen to reside jointly with the other adult person, in a long term relationship and in the same residence. For the
      purpose of clarity, it is, hereby, mentioned that this definition shall be construed to include persons belonging to the LGBT community, wherein the
      scope of LGBT shall be in accordance with the standings laws of India, as may be in force from time to time.

36. LGBT will mean and include a sexual orientation or a gender expression as defined below
      a. Lesbian: means a woman who has the capacity to form enduring physical, romantic, and / or emotional attractions or sexual attraction towards
          other woman.
      b. Gay: means a man who has the capacity to form enduring physical, romantic, and / or emotional attractions or sexual attraction towards other man.
      c. Bisexual: A person who has the capacity to form enduring physical, romantic, and / or emotional attractions to those of the same gender or to those
          of another gender or more than one gender.
      d. Transgender: means a person whose gender does not match with the gender assigned to that person at birth and includes trans-man or trans-wom
          an (whether or not such person has undergone Sex Reassignment Surgery or hormone therapy or laser therapy or such other therapy), person with
          intersex variations, genderqueer and person having such socio-cultural identities as kinner, hijra, aravani and jogta.

37. Lung Transplant Surgery in case of End Stage Lung Disease:
      We will be covering Lung Transplant Surgery due to following cases:
      a. End stage lung disease, causing chronic respiratory failure, as confirmed and evidenced by all of the following:
          i. FEV1 test results consistently less than 1 litre measured on 3 occasions 3 months apart; and
          ii. Requiring continuous permanent supplementary oxygen therapy for hypoxemia; and
          iii. Arterial blood gas analysis with partial oxygen pressure of 55mmHg or less (PaO2 < 55mmHg); and
          iv. Dyspnea at rest

                                                                                                                                                                                    Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
38. Liver Transplant Surgery in case of End Stage Liver Disease: we will be covering The actual undergoing of a Liver Transplant due to Permanent and
      irreversible failure of liver function that has resulted in all three of the following:
      a. Permanent jaundice; and
      b. Ascites; and
      c. Hepatic Encephalopathy.
      The diagnosis and the undergoing of a transplant has to be confirmed by a specialist Medical Practitioner.
      Liver failure secondary to drug or alcohol abuse is excluded.

39. Material Facts: means all relevant information sought by the Company in the Proposal Form and other connected documents to enable it to take
      informed decision in the context of underwriting the risk.

40. Major Illness: means any of the Illnesses, medical events or Surgical Procedures as specifically listed under applicable section of Appendix A.

41. Muscular Dystrophy: a group of hereditary degenerative diseases of muscle characterised by progressive and permanent weakness and atrophy of
      certain muscle groups. The diagnosis of muscular dystrophy must be unequivocal and made by a Neurologist acceptable to Us, with confirmation of at
      least 3 of the following 4 conditions:
      a. Family history of muscular dystrophy;
      b. Clinical presentation including absence of sensory disturbance, normal cerebrospinal fluid and mild tendon reflex reduction;
      c. Characteristic electromygrom; or
      d. Clinical suspicion confirmed by muscle biopsy.

      The condition must result in the inability of the Insured Person to perform at least 3 of the 6 activities of daily living as listed below (either with or
      without the use of mechanical equipment, special devices or other aids and adaptations in use for disabled persons) for a continuous period of at least
      6 months.

42. Motor Neuron Disease with Permanent Symptoms: we will be covering surgical treatment for Motor Neuron disease diagnosed by a specialist
      consultant as spinal muscular atrophy, progressive bulbar palsy, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis or primary lateral sclerosis There must be progressive
      degeneration of corticospinal tracts and anterior horn cells or bulbar efferent neurons. There must be current significant and permanent functional
      neurological impairment with objective evidence of motor dysfunction that has persisted for a continuous period of at least 3 months.

43. Neurosurgery: we will be covering any
      a. Surgical intervention of the brain or any other intracranial structures;
      b. Surgical Treatment of benign solid tumours located in the spinal cord.

44. Parkinson's disease - resulting in permanent symptoms: A definite diagnosis of Parkinson's disease by a Consultant Neurologist. There must be
      permanent clinical impairment of motor function with either associated tremor or muscle rigidity. For the above definition the following are not
      covered:
      a. Parkinsonian syndromes/Parkinsonism

45. Policy: means these Policy wordings, the Policy Schedule and any applicable endorsements or extensions attaching to or forming part thereof, as
      amended from time to time, and which shall be read together. The Policy sets out details of the extent of cover available to the Insured Person,
      applicable exclusions and the terms & conditions applicable under the Policy.

46. Policy Period: means the period between the Commencement Date and either the Expiry Date specified in the Policy Schedule or the date of
      cancellation of this Policy, whichever is earlier.

47. Policyholder: means person who has proposed the Policy and in whose name the Policy is issued.

48. Policy Schedule: means the Policy Schedule attached to and forming part of this Policy specifying the details of the Insured Persons, the Sum
      Insured, the Policy Period and the Sub-limits to which benefits under the Policy are subject to, including any annexures and /or endorsements, made
      to or on it from time to time, and if more than one, then the latest in time.

49. Policy Year: means a period of twelve months beginning from the Commencement Date and ending on the last day of such twelve-month period. For
      the purpose of subsequent years, Policy Year shall mean a period of twelve months commencing from the end of the previous Policy Year and lapsing
      on the last day of such twelve-month period.

50. Pulmonary Artery Graft Surgery: we will be covering the undergoing of surgery requiring median sternotomy on the advice of a Cardiologist for disease
      of the pulmonary artery to excise and replace the diseased pulmonary artery with a graft.

51. Permanent Paralysis of Limbs: we will be covering surgical treatment for total and irreversible loss of use of one or more limbs as a result of injury or
      disease of the brain or spinal cord. A specialist medical practitioner must be of the opinion that the paralysis will be permanent with no hope of
      recovery and must be present for more than 3 months

52. Pneumonectomy - Removal of an entire lung: The undergoing of surgery to remove an entire lung for disease or trauma.

      The following is not covered:
      a. Partial removal of a lung (lobectomy) or lung resection or incision.

          The diagnosis and undergoing of the surgery has to be confirmed by a specialist Medical Practitioner.

53. Surgical removal of an eyeball: surgical removal of a complete eyeball as a result of injury or disease. For the above definition the following is not
      covered:
      a. Self- inflicted injuries
      The diagnosis and undergoing of the surgery has to be confirmed by a specialist Medical Practitioner

54. Shared Room: a basic (cheapest) category of Shared Room in a Hospital with / without air-conditioning with two or three patient beds.

55. Single Private A/C Room: a basic (most economical of all accommodation) category of single room in a Hospital with air-conditioning facility where
      a single patient is accommodated and which has / does not have an attached toilet (lavatory and / or bath)

                                                                                                                                                                                    Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
56. Second Medical Opinion for Major Illness: means a procedure where by upon request of the Insured Person, an independent Medical Practitioner
      reviews and opines on the treating Medical Practitioner's recommendation as to care and treatment of the Insured Person by reviewing Insured
      Person's medical status and history. Such an opinion shall not be deemed to substitute the Insured Person's physical visit or consultation to an
      independent Medical Practitioner.

57. Sum Insured: means the aggregate limit of indemnity consisting of the Base Sum Insured, Super Reload, Super Credit (if applicable), Cancer Booster
      (if applicable) and any other benefit or section (if applicable) whose Sum Insured is over and above Base Sum Insured for the Insured Person. It
      represents the maximum, total and cumulative liability of the Company for any and all claims made under the Policy (under any and all Benefits), in
      respect of that Insured Person (on Individual basis) or all Insured Persons (on Floater basis) during the Policy Year, as specified against an Insured
      Person or all Insured Persons in the Policy Schedule.

      Sum Insured will be utilized as per the following sequence in event of any claim:
      a. Base Sum Insured followed by;
      b. Super Credit (if inbuilt / opted and applicable) followed by;
      c. Super Reload followed by;
      d. Cancer Booster (if opted and applicable)

58. Surgical Treatment of Coma:
      a. We will be covering surgical treatment of Coma limited to;
          i. Intra cranial surgery by the route of Burr Hole Procedure or Craniotomy
      b. A state of unconsciousness with no reaction or response to external stimuli or internal needs.
          This diagnosis must be supported by evidence of all of the following:
          i. No response to external stimuli continuously for at least 96 hours;
          ii. Life support measures are necessary to sustain life; and
          iii. Permanent neurological deficit which must be assessed at least 30 days after the onset of the coma.
          iv. The condition has to be confirmed by a specialist Medical Practitioner.

      c. The following are excluded:
          Coma resulting directly from alcohol or drug abuse is excluded.

59. Skin Grafting Surgery for Major Burns:
      a. We will be covering the undergoing of skin transplantation due to accidental major burns where major burns as defined below:
          i. There must be third-degree burns with scarring that cover at least 20% of the body's surface area.
                The diagnosis must confirm the total area involved using standardized, clinically accepted, body surface area charts covering 20% of the body
                surface area.
      b. Skin grafting surgery for Major Burns should be medically required and not aesthetic / cosmetic in nature

60. Surgery for Pheochromocytoma:
      a. We will be covering the actual undergoing of surgery to remove the tumour
      b. Presence of a neuroendocrine tumour of the adrenal or extra-chromaffin tissue that secretes excess catecholamines and the Diagnosis of
      Pheochromocytoma must be confirmed by a Registered Doctor who is an endocrinologist.

61. Surgical Treatment for Stroke:
      a. Any cerebrovascular incident producing permanent neurological sequelae. This includes infarction of brain tissue, thrombosis in an intracranial
      vessel, haemorrhage and embolization from an extra cranial source. Diagnosis has to be confirmed by a specialist Medical Practitioner and
      evidenced by typical clinical symptoms as well as typical findings in CT Scan or MRI of the brain. Evidence of permanent neurological deficit lasting
      for at least 3 months has to be produced.
      b. We will be covering surgical treatment of Stroke limited to;
          i. Intra cranial surgery by the route of Burr Hole Procedure or Craniotomy;
          ii. Stenting of Intra cranial blood vessels, needed for the treatment of Stroke.
      The following are excluded:
          i. Transient ischemic attacks (TIA);
          ii. Traumatic injury of the brain;
          iii. Vascular disease affecting only the eye or optic nerve or vestibular functions.

62. We / Our / Us / Company / Insurer: Aditya Birla Health Insurance Co. Limited.

63. Waiting Period: means a period from the inception of this Policy during which specified diseases / treatments are not covered. On completion of the
      Waiting Period, diseases / treatments shall be covered provided the Policy has been continuously renewed without any break

64. You / Your / Policyholder: The person named in the Policy Schedule as the policyholder and who has concluded this Policy with Us.

      Section C. Benefits Covered Under the Policy

For the details of the benefits that are applicable to You as specified in the Policy Schedule, please refer Appendix A. All the Benefits under the Appendix A might
not be applicable to the Insured Person(s), please refer to the Policy Schedule for the list of Benefits applicable to You.

      Section D. Waiting Period and Permanent Exclusions

All Waiting Periods and permanent exclusions shall apply individually for each Insured Person and claims shall be assessed accordingly. We shall not be liable to
make any payment under this Policy directly or indirectly for, caused by or arising out of or howsoever attributable to any of the following:

                                                                                                                                                                                    Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
D.1 Standard Exclusions                                                                                Word Explanations
                                                                                                       Pre Existing Disease: A medical condition that
D.1.1 Pre-Existing Diseases (Code- Excl01)                                                             a person already have before getting insurance
      a) Expenses related to the treatment of a pre-existing Disease (PED) and its direct              or a healthcare plan.
          complications shall be excluded until the expiry of years / months as specified in the       Portability: A person can switch to a new
          Policy Schedule / Product Benefit Table of this Policy of continuous coverage after the      insurance company without losing the benefits
          date of inception of the first policy with Insurer.                                          and coverage already earned under the
      b) In case of enhancement of sum insured the exclusion shall apply afresh to the extent          current Policy.
          of sum insured increase.
      c) If the Insured Person is continuously covered without any break as defined under the          Waiting Period: A specified period of time
          applicable norms on portability stipulated by IRDAI, then Waiting Period for the same would  during which certain coverage or benefits
          be reduced to the extent of prior coverage.                                                  are not provided after purchasing a Policy.
      d) Coverage under the Policy after the expiry of months as specified in the Policy Schedule /
          Product Benefit Table of this Policy for any pre-existing disease is subject to the same
          being declared at the time of application and accepted by Insurer.

D.1.2 Specified disease / procedure Waiting Period: (Code- Excl02)
      a) Expenses related to the treatment of the listed Conditions, surgeries / treatments
          shall be excluded until the expiry of 24 months of continuous coverage after the date of
          inception of the first policy with us. This exclusion shall not be applicable for claims
          arising due to an accident.
      b) In case of enhancement of sum insured the exclusion shall apply afresh to the extent
          of sum insured increase.
      c) If any of the specified disease / procedure falls under the Waiting Period specified for
          pre-existing diseases, then the longer of the two Waiting Periods shall apply.
      d) The Waiting Period for listed conditions shall apply even if contracted after the Policy or
      declared and accepted without a specific exclusion.
      e) If the Insured Person is continuously covered without any break as defined under the
          applicable norms on portability stipulated by IRDAI, then Waiting Period for the
          same would be reduced to the extent of prior coverage.
      f) List of specific diseases / procedures:

   Body System                   Illness                                                               Treatment / Surgery
                                 Cataract                                                              Cataract Surgery
1  Eye                           Glaucoma                                                              Glaucoma Surgery
                                 Refractive Error Correction                                           Correction Surgery
2  Ear Nose Throat               Sinusitis                                                             Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                 Rhinitis                                                              Medical & Surgical Treatment
3  Gynecology                    Tonsillitis & Adenitis                                                Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                 Tympanitis & Non Traumatic Perforation                                Medical & Surgical Treatment
4  Orthopedic / Rheumatological  Deviated Nasal Septum                                                 Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                 Otitis Media                                                          Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                 Adenoiditis                                                           Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                 Mastoiditis                                                           Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                 Cholesteatoma                                                         Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                 All Cysts, Mass, Swelling, Lump, Granulomas, Polyps,                  Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                 Fibroids & Benign Tumour of the female genito urinary system
                                 Polycystic Ovarian Disease                                            Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                 Uterine Prolapse                                                      Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                 Fibroids (Fibromyoma)                                                 Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                 Breast lumps (excluding Malignant)                                    Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                 Dysfunctional Uterine Bleeding (DUB)                                  Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                 Endometriosis                                                         Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                 Menorrhagia                                                           Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                 Pelvic Inflammatory Disease                                           Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                 Gout                                                                  Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                 Rheumatism, Rheumatoid Arthritis                                      Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                 Non infective arthritis                                               Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                 Osteoarthritis                                                        Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                 Osteoporosis                                                          Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                 Prolapse of the intervertebral disc                                   Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                 Spondilosis, Spondioarthritis, Spondylopathies                        Medical & Surgical Treatment

                                                                                                       Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
5  Gastroenterology               Ankylosing Spondilitis / Spondylopathies                          Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                  Psoriatic Arthritis / Arthropathy                                 Medical & Surgical Treatment
   (Alimentary Canal and related  Internal Derangement of Knee / Ligament or Tendon or              Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                  Meniscus Tear                                                     Medical & Surgical Treatment
   Organs)                        Joint Replacement Surgery                                         Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                  Non Specific Arthritis                                            Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                  Stone in Gall Bladder, Bile duct & other parts of Biliary System  Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                  Cholecystitis                                                     Surgical Treatment
                                  Pancreatitis                                                      Surgical Treatment

                                  Fissure, Fistula in Ano, Hemorrhoids (Piles), Pilonidal Sinus,    Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                  Ano-rectal & Perianal Abscess
                                                                                                    Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                  Rectal Prolapse

                                  Gastric or Duodenal Erosions or Ulcers + Gastritis & Duodenitis   Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                  & Colitis

                                  Gastro Esophageal Reflux Disease (GERD)                           Medical & Surgical Treatment

                                  Cirrhosis                                                         Medical & Surgical Treatment

                                  Chronic Appendicitis                                              Surgical Treatment

                                  Appendicular Lump, Appendicular Abscess                           Medical & Surgical Treatment

6  Urogenital (Urinary and        Stones in Urinary System                                          Medical & Surgical Treatment
                                  (Stone in the Kidney, Ureter, Urinary Bladder)
   Reproductive System)

                                  Benign Hypertrophy / Enlargement of Prostate (BHP / BEP)          Medical & Surgical Treatment

                                  Hernia, Hydrocele,                                                Medical & Surgical Treatment

                                  Varicocoele / Spermatocoele                                       Medical & Surgical Treatment

7  Skin                           Skin Tumour (unless malignant)                                    Medical & Surgical Treatment

                                  All Skin Diseases                                                 Medical & Surgical Treatment

8  General Surgery                Any Swelling, Tumour, Cyst, Nodule, Ulcer, Polyp Mass, Swelling,

                                  Lump, Granulomas, Benign Tumour anywhere in the body              Medical & Surgical Treatment

                                  (Unless Malignant)

                                  Varicose Veins, Varicose Ulcers                                   Medical & Surgical Treatment

If any of the Illness / conditions listed above are Pre-Existing Diseases, then they shall be covered only after the completion of the
Pre-Existing Disease Waiting Period described in Section D.1.1.

D.1.3 30-day Waiting Period (Code-Excl03)                                                        Commencement date: Date when this
                                                                                                 Policy becomes active and provides
      a) Expenses related to the treatment of any illness within 30 days from the first policy   coverage to the Insured Person.
          commencement date shall be excluded except claims arising due to an accident,
          provided the same are covered.

      b) This exclusion shall not, however, apply if the Insured Person has Continuous Coverage
          for more than twelve months.

      c) The within referred Waiting Period is made applicable to the enhanced sum insured
          in the event of granting higher sum insured subsequently.

D.1.4 Investigation & Evaluation (Code-Excl04)                                                   Diagnostic expenses: Costs associated with
      a) Expenses related to any admission primarily for diagnostics and evaluation purposes     medical tests and procedures used to diagnose a
          only are excluded.                                                                     health condition.
      b) Any diagnostic expenses which are not related or not incidental to the current
          diagnosis and treatment are excluded.

D.1.5 Rest Cure, rehabilitation and respite care (Code- Excl05)                                  Custodial Care: Non-medical assistance with
      a) Expenses related to any admission primarily for enforced bed rest and not for           daily tasks for individuals who need help due to
          receiving treatment. This also includes:                                               physical or mental limitations.
          i. Custodial care either at home or in a nursing facility for personal care such as
                help with activities of daily living such as bathing, dressing, moving around    BMI: Measurement that helps determine if a
                either by skilled nurses or assistant or non-skilled persons.                    person has a healthy weight based on their
          ii. Any services for people who are terminally ill to address physical, social,        height and weight.
          emotional and spiritual needs.                                                         Co-Morbidities: Additional medical conditions or
                                                                                                 diseases that occur alongside a primary health
D.1.6 Obesity / Weight Control (Code- Excl06)                                                    condition or illness.
      Expenses related to the surgical treatment of obesity that does not fulfil all the below
      conditions:
      a) Surgery to be conducted is upon the advice of the Doctor.
      b) The surgery / Procedure conducted should be supported by clinical protocols.
      c) The member has to be 18 years of age or older and

                                                                                                    Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
d) Body Mass Index (BMI);                                                                             Obesity-related cardiomyopathy: Heart condition
    1) greater than or equal to 40 or                                                                 caused by excessive weight, which weakens the
    2) greater than or equal to 35 in conjunction with any of the following severe                    heart muscle.
          co-morbidities following failure of less invasive methods of weight loss:
          i. Obesity-related cardiomyopathy                                                           Coronary Heart Disease: Condition where the
          ii. Coronary heart disease                                                                  heart's blood vessels become narrowed or blocked,
          iii. Severe Sleep Apnea                                                                     leading to reduced blood flow to the heart muscle.
          iv. Uncontrolled Type2 Diabetes
                                                                                                      Sleep Apnea: Sleep disorder where breathing
                                                                                                      stops or becomes very light during sleep, causing
                                                                                                      sleep interruptions and daytime tiredness.

D.1.7 Change-of-Gender treatments: (Code-Excl07)                                                      Change of Gender Treatments: Medical
Expenses related to any treatment, including surgical management, to change characteristics of the    procedures and support services that help
body to those of the opposite sex.                                                                    individuals transform from one gender to another

D.1.8. Cosmetic or plastic Surgery: (Code-Excl08)                                                     Reconstruction: Process of repairing or rebuilding
Expenses for cosmetic or plastic surgery or any treatment to change appearance unless for             damaged or lost body parts through surgical
reconstruction following an Accident, Burn(s) or Cancer or as part of medically necessary treatment   procedures to improve function and appearance.
to remove a direct and immediate health risk to the insured. For this to be
considered a medical necessity, it must be certified by the attending Medical Practitioner.

D.1.9. Hazardous or Adventure sports: (Code-Excl09)                                                   Hazardous or Adventure Sports: Activities that
Expenses related to any treatment necessitated due to participation as a professional in              are considered high-risk and may require specific
hazardous or adventure sports, including but not limited to, para-jumping, rock climbing,             coverage or have exclusions due to the potential
mountaineering, rafting, motor racing, horse racing or scuba diving, hand gliding, sky diving,        for injuries or accidents.
deep sea diving

D.1.10. Breach of law: (Code-Excl10)                                                                  Breach of Law: When someone breaks a law or
Expenses for treatment directly arising from or consequent upon any Insured Person                    fails to meet legal requirements, which is
committing or attempting to commit a breach of law with criminal intent.                              considered a wrongdoing or illegal action.

D.1.11. Excluded Providers: (Code-Excl11)                                                             Excluded Providers: Healthcare professionals,
Expenses incurred towards treatment in any hospital or by any Medical Practitioner or any other       hospitals, or medical facilities that are specifical-
provider specifically excluded by the Insurer as disclosed in website                                 ly listed by the insurer as not covered under this
(www.adityabirlahealth.com/healthinsurance) / notified to the policyholders are not                   Policy.
admissible. However, in case of life threatening situations or following an accident, expenses up to
the stage of stabilization are payable but not the complete claim.                                    Addictive Condition: When someone becomes
                                                                                                      dependent on substances or behaviours, leading
D.1.12. Treatment for, Alcoholism, drug or substance abuse or any addictive condition and             to uncontrollable and harmful use.
consequences thereof. (Code-Excl12)

D.1.13. Treatments received in heath hydros, nature cure clinics, spas or similar                     Domestic Reasons: Situations where a person is
establishments or private beds registered as a nursing home attached to such establishments or        admitted to a healthcare facility primarily for
where admission is arranged wholly or partly for domestic reasons. (Code-Excl13)                      non-medical or non-health-related purposes.

D.1.14. Dietary supplements and substances that can be purchased without prescription,                Dietary Supplements: Products intended to
including but not limited to Vitamins, minerals and organic substances unless prescribed by a         supplement or enhance the diet and provide
medical practitioner as part of hospitalization claim or day care procedure (Code-Excl14)             essential nutrients like vitamins, minerals, amino
                                                                                                      acids, or herbs.
D.1.15. Refractive Error:(Code-Excl15) - Expenses related to the treatment for correction of eye
sight due to refractive error less than 7.5 dioptres.                                                 Refractive Error: A vision problem that causes
                                                                                                      blurred vision due to the eye's inability to focus
D.1.16. Unproven Treatments:(Code-Excl16)                                                             light properly at the back of the eye.
Expenses related to any unproven treatment, services and supplies for or in connection with any
treatment. Unproven treatments are treatments, procedures or supplies that lack significant           Unproven Treatments: Medical approaches that
medical documentation to support their effectiveness.                                                 have not been proven to work or shown to be
                                                                                                      safe.
D.1.17. Sterility and Infertility: (Code-Excl17)
Expenses related to sterility and infertility. This includes:                                         Sterility: Condition or state of being unable to
                                                                                                      conceive a child or reproduce.
      a) Any type of contraception, sterilization
      b) Assisted Reproduction services including artificial insemination and advanced                Infertility: Inability to get pregnant or conceive a
                                                                                                      child despite trying for a certain period of time.
          reproductive technologies such as IVF, ZIFT, GIFT, ICSI
      c) Gestational Surrogacy                                                                        Assisted Reproduction Services: Medical
      d) Reversal of sterilization                                                                    procedures or techniques that assist individuals
                                                                                                      or couples in achieving pregnancy when they are
                                                                                                      facing difficulties conceiving naturally.

                                                                                                      IVF (In Vitro Fertilization): Process where
                                                                                                      doctors help couples have a baby by combining
                                                                                                      an egg and sperm in a lab and then placing the
                                                                                                      fertilized egg into the woman's womb to grow
                                                                                                      into a baby.

                                                                                                      Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
D.1.18. Maternity Expenses (Code-Excl18):                                                           ZIFT (Zygote Intrafallopian Transfer): A fertility
      a) Medical treatment expenses traceable to childbirth (including complicated deliveries       procedure where a fertilized egg is placed in the
          and caesarean sections incurred during hospitalization) except ectopic pregnancy;         fallopian tube to increase the chances of
      b) Expenses towards miscarriage (unless due to an accident) and lawful medical                pregnancy.
          termination of pregnancy during the policy period
                                                                                                    GIFT (Gamete Intrafallopian Transfer): A fertility
D.2 Specific Exclusions                                                                             treatment where eggs and sperm are placed
                                                                                                    directly into the fallopian tube to increase the
D.2.1 Circumstantial Exclusion                                                                      chances of pregnancy
      a) Treatment resulting from war, invasion, civil war, revolt, or military involvement:
          Medical treatment that arises from or is related to acts of war, military operations, or  ICSI (Intracytoplasmic Sperm Injection): A fertility
          involvement in armed forces activities                                                    procedure where a sperm is directly injected into
      b) Exclusion of certain acts and substances: Treatment or consequences related to             an egg to aid fertilization.
          unlawful acts, nuclear weapons / materials, chemical and biological weapons,
          radiation exposure, or contamination by radioactive materials or substances.              Gestational Surrogacy: Type of surrogacy
      c) The Insured Person's direct participation in terrorist acts;                               arrangement where a woman, known as the
                                                                                                    gestational surrogate or gestational carrier, carries
D.2.2 Behavioural Exclusions                                                                        and gives birth to a child on behalf of another
      a) Suicide or attempted suicide, intentionally hurting oneself on purpose;                    individual or couple
      b) Illegal act of the Insured Persons
      c) Any treatment for Injury resulting from the consumption of alcohol or any intoxicating     Ectopic Pregnancy: When a fertilized egg grows
      substance, its intake or abuse thereof                                                        outside the uterus, often in the fallopian tube .It
      d) the use of drugs (other than drugs taken under treatment prescribed and directed by a      is a dangerous condition that cannot develop
      Medical Practitioner but not for the treatment of drug addiction);                            into a healthy baby and requires medical
                                                                                                    attention
D.2.3 Medical Exclusions
      a) All routine examinations and Health Check-ups except as per terms and conditions           Word Explanations
          mentioned under Annual Health Check-up in Appendix A
      b) Circumcisions (unless required for medical reasons or as part of a treatment plan for      Circumstantial Exclusion: Exclusion of coverage
          an illness or injury);                                                                    for certain situations or conditions based on
      c) Conditions for which treatment could have been done on an outpatient basis without         specific circumstances specified in the Policy
          any Hospitalization
      d) Preventive care, vaccinations and immunizations (except in case of post-bite               Behavioural Exclusions: Situations the Policy
          treatment); any physical, psychiatric or psychological examinations or testing            does not cover certain health conditions or
      e) Admission for nutritional and electrolyte supplements unless certified by the attending    treatments that are caused by a person's actions
          medical practitioner that they are necessary as a direct result of a covered claim        or behaviour, such as self-harm or drug abuse
      f) Any conditions or abnormalities that are present at birth and are visible on the outside
          of the body, as well as any related diseases or defects,                                  Circumcision: A surgical procedure that involves
      g) Stem cell therapy except Hematopoietic stem cells for bone marrow transplant for           removing the foreskin covering the tip of the
          haematological conditions) or Surgery, or growth hormone therapy or Hormone               male genitalia
          Replacement Therapy.
      h) Dental / Oral Treatment: Treatment, procedures and preventive, diagnostic, restor          Stem Cell Therapy: A medical treatment that
          ative, cosmetic services related to disease, disorder and conditions related to natural   uses cells to repair or replace damaged tissues in
          teeth and gingiva except if required by an Insured Person while Hospitalized due to an    the body.
          Accident
      i) AYUSH Treatment Any form of AYUSH Treatments, except as mentioned under                    Growth Hormone Therapy: Involves administer-
          Section AYUSH Treatment in Appendix A                                                     ing synthetic growth hormone to treat
                                                                                                    deficiencies and promote growth in children and
D.2.4 Prosthesis and Devices                                                                        adolescents
      a) Hearing aids, spectacles or contact lenses including optometric therapy, multifocal lens
      b) Wigs, or toupees, and related expenses.                                                    Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT): Medical
      c) Expenses for prosthesis (artificial body parts), corrective devices, external durable      treatment that involves taking hormones to
          medical equipment, wheelchairs, crutches, or instruments used in the diagnosis /          reduce or relieve symptoms related to hormonal
          treatment of sleep apnea syndrome and other sleep disorders or continuous ambulatory      changes in the body.
          peritoneal dialysis (C.A.P.D.),
          Devices used for ambulatory monitoring of blood pressure, blood sugar, glucometers,       Optometric Therapy: A specialized treatment by
          nebulizers and oxygen concentrator for bronchial asthma / COPD conditions, cost of        optometrists that uses exercises to improve
          cochlear implant(s) unless necessitated by an Accident.                                   visual skills and abilities

                                                                                                    Multifocal Lenses: Special glasses or contact
                                                                                                    lenses that allow people with difficulty seeing up
                                                                                                    close and far away to see clearly at different
                                                                                                    distances without needing separate pairs of
                                                                                                    glasses

                                                                                                    Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
D.2.5 Non-Medical Expenses                                                                           COPD: Chronic lung disease that makes it hard to
As mentioned under Annexure (I), items in List I, II, III & IV will be excluded unless forms a part  breathe, usually caused by smoking or exposure to
of In-patient hospitalization.                                                                       harmful substances.
D.2.6 Specific treatment Exclusion
Treatment involving Rotational Field Quantum Magnetic Resonance (RFQMR), External Counter            Cochlear Implant: A special device that can
Pulsation (ECP), Enhanced External Counter Pulsation (EECP), Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy, KTP          help people who have severe hearing loss or are
Laser Surgeries, Cyber Knife Treatment, Femto Laser Surgeries, Bioabsorbable Stents,                 completely deaf.
Bioabsorbable Valves, Bioabsorbable Implants. Use of Radio Frequency (RF) probe for ablation.
                                                                                                     Non-Medical Expenses: Costs or expenditures
D.2.7 Activities and Profession Exclusions                                                           that are not directly related to medical
      a) Treatment received from a person who is not recognized as a registered Medical              treatments or healthcare services,
          Practitioner by any state medical council or the medical council of India.
      b) Medical or treatment fees charged by unlicensed and unauthorized practitioners are          RFQMR: New device developed for Tissue
          not covered                                                                                Regeneration, Degeneration and Repair for the
      c) Treatments provided by a Medical Practitioner who is a family member of the Insured         purposes of treating several chronic or
          Person or resides in the same household, unless pre-approval is obtained from Us.          degenerative diseases such as Cancer & Arthritis.

D.2.8 Geographical Exclusion                                                                         ECP: Non-Surgical Therapy that uses cuffs to
      Treatment taken outside India, unless specified to be covered in the Policy Schedule.          apply rhythmic pressure to improve blood flow
                                                                                                     to the heart

                                                                                                     EECP: Non-Surgical Therapy that improves blood
                                                                                                     flow to the heart using cuffs placed on the legs,
                                                                                                     buttocks, and lower abdomen.

                                                                                                     Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy: Treatment where a
                                                                                                     person breathes pure oxygen in a pressurized
                                                                                                     chamber to promote healing and improve certain
                                                                                                     medical conditions.

                                                                                                     KTP Laser Surgery: Medical procedure that uses
                                                                                                     a specialized laser to treat blood vessel
                                                                                                     abnormality, skin pigmentation, and certain
                                                                                                     tumors

                                                                                                     Femto Laser Surgeries: Advanced medical
                                                                                                     procedures that use a special laser to perform
                                                                                                     precise and gentle treatments, often used for
                                                                                                     eye surgeries like LASIK or cataract removal.

                                                                                                     Radiofrequency (RF) probe for ablation: Medical
                                                                                                     device used in minimally surgical procedures to
                                                                                                     treat certain conditions, such as abnormal heart
                                                                                                     rhythms or tumors.

                                                                                                     Activities and Profession Exclusions: Specific
                                                                                                     occupations, hobbies, or activities that are not
                                                                                                     covered under the policy due to the increased
                                                                                                     risks associated with them.

                                                                                                     Geographical exclusion: Certain locations or
                                                                                                     regions are not covered by Policy, so any medical
                                                                                                     expenses incurred in those areas will not be
                                                                                                     payable.

                                                                                                     Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
  Section E. General Terms and Conditions                                                             Simpler version*

E.1. Standard General Terms and Clauses                                                               If the insured does not make any claim during
                                                                                                      the Free Look Period, they can get a refund of
Free Look Period                                                                                      the premium they paid, except for any
The Free Look Period shall be applicable on new individual health insurance policies, except for      expenses incurred by the Company for medical
those policies with tenure of less than a year. Free-look shall not be applicable on renewals or at   examination and stamp duty. If the risk has
the time of porting / migrating the policy.                                                           already started and the insured decides to
                                                                                                      return the policy, the Company will deduct a
The Insured Person shall be allowed free look period of thirty days from date of receipt of the       portion of the premium for the coverage
policy document, whether received electronically or otherwise, to review the terms and                period, expenses incurred by the Company on
conditions of the policy, and to return the same if not acceptable. lf the insured has not made       medical examination and stamp duty charges.
any claim during the Free Look Period, the insured shall be entitled to:                              If only a part of the insurance coverage
                                                                                                      has started, the Company will deduct a partial
      a) A refund of the premium paid, less any expenses incurred by the Company on                   premium refund based on the coverage during
          medical examination of the Insured Person and stamp duty charges, where the risk            that period, expenses incurred by the Company
          has not commenced or                                                                        on medical examination and stamp duty charges.

      b) Where the risk has already commenced and the option of return of the policy is               A request for cancellation of the policy during
          exercised by the Insured Person, a deduction towards the proportionate risk premium         free look period shall be processed and premium
          for period of cover, expenses, if any incurred by the Company on medical                    shall be refunded within 7 days of receipt of such
          examination of the Insured Person and stamp duty charges or                                 request.

      c) Where only a part of the insurance coverage has commenced, such proportionate                Simpler version*
          premium commensurate with the insurance coverage during such period, expenses,
          if any incurred by the Company on medical examination of the Insured Person and             You are free to cancel your Policy at any time by
          stamp duty charges.                                                                         giving 7 days written notice
          A request received by insurer for cancellation of the policy during free look period shall
          be processed and premium shall be refunded within 7 days of receipt of such request.        Note: We will NOT refund any premium if we
                                                                                                      have paid a claim.
E.1.2. Cancellation                                                                                   If you don't make a claim, we'll give you a
                                                                                                      proportionate refund of your premium for
      a) The Policyholder may cancel this policy by giving 7 days' written notice and in such         unexpired policy period.
          an event, the Company shall
                                                                                                      If an Insured Person dies and there is no history
          a. refund proportionate premium for unexpired policy period, if the term of policy upto     of a claim, the premium paid for that person will
            one year and there is no claim (s) made during the policy period.                         be refunded on a proportional basis

          b. refund premium for the unexpired policy period, in respect of policies with term         Policy cancellation with no premium refund is
             more than 1 year and risk coverage for such policy years has not commenced.              possible if you're dishonest or fraudulent in
                                                                                                      providing information. The company will notify
      Note: For Policies where premium is paid by instalment: In case of admissible claim             you in writing 15 days prior to cancellation
      under the Policy, future instalment for the current Policy Year will be adjusted in the
      claim amount and no refund of any premium will be applicable during the Policy Year             If you cancel your Policy, all the coverage,
                                                                                                      benefits, and earnings on HealthReturnsTM will
      b) Notwithstanding anything contained herein or otherwise, no refunds of premium shall          end automatically. However, if you have any
          be made in respect of Cancellation where, any claim has been admitted or has been           HealthReturnsTM that you haven't claimed from
          lodged or any benefit has been availed by the Insured Person under the Policy.              the previous Policy Year or Policy Month, you can
                                                                                                      still claim them within three months from the
      A refund in accordance with E.1.2 a).a or E.1.2 a).b above shall be applicable for `Yearly /    date of cancellation or termination
      Annual / One Time' premium payment frequency

      No refund is applicable for Half Yearly, Quarterly & Monthly premium frequencies.

     iii. In case of death of an Insured Person, proportionate Refund of the Premium for the
          deceased Insured Person will be refunded, provided there is no history of claim.

     iv. The Company may cancel the Policy at any time on grounds of misrepresentation
          non-disclosure of material facts, fraud by the Insured Person by giving 15 days'
          written notice. There would be no refund of premium on cancellation on grounds of
          misrepresentation, non-disclosure of material facts or fraud

     v. Treatment of HealthReturnsTM on Cancellation:
          All coverage, benefits, earning on HealthReturnsTM, shall automatically lapse upon
          cancellation of the Policy. However, any unclaimed and accrued HealthReturnsTM (from
          Previous Policy Year / Month) shall be available for a claim over the next 3 month
          period from the date of cancellation / termination

                                                                                                      Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
E.1.3. Renewal of Policy                                                                              Simpler version*
The Policy shall ordinarily be renewable provided the product is not withdrawn, except on             To keep your benefits uninterrupted, pay your
grounds of established fraud or non-disclosure or misrepresentation by the Insured Person.            renewal premium before your policy ends. If you
                                                                                                      miss the deadline, a grace period is available after
      i. The Company shall endeavour to give notice for renewal. However, the Company is              the policy expires to pay the premium and
          not under obligation to give any notice for renewal.                                        maintain continuity of benefits.
                                                                                                      Note: You are NOT insured during the grace
      ii. Renewal shall not be denied on the ground that the Insured Person had made a claim          period.
          or claims in the preceding Policy Years.
                                                                                                      Simpler version*
      iii. Request for renewal along with requisite premium shall be received by the Company          The Company can change the Policy's terms and
          before the end of the Policy Period.                                                        premium rates if Product Management
                                                                                                      Committee, of the Company approves it. The
      iv. At the end of the Policy Period, the policy shall terminate and can be renewed within       Insured Person will be informed 30 days before
          the Grace Period of fifteen days where premium payment mode is monthly and thirty           the changes take place
          days in all other cases to maintain continuity of benefits without break in policy.         Simpler version*
          Coverage is not available during the grace period.                                          · Choose a person to get money if you die when

      v. The insurer shall condone a delay in renewal up to the grace period from the due              buying or renewing the policy.
          date of renewal without considering such condonation as a break in policy.                  · Tell the company in writing if you want to

      vi. No loading shall apply on renewals based on individual claims experience.                    change the person and get it approved.
      vii. An insurer shall not resort to fresh underwriting unless there is an increase in sum       · If you die, the person you named gets the

          insured. In case increase in sum insured is requested by the policyholder, the Insurer       money or your family gets it.
          may underwrite only to the extent of increased of sum insured.                              · If your family gets the money, it's the last

E.1.4. Possibility of Revision of Terms of the Policy Including the Premium Rates                      payment the company has to make.
The Company, , may revise or modify the terms of the Policy including the premium rates with
prior approval of the Product Management Committee, of the Company. . The Insured Person              Simpler version*
shall be notified 30 days before the changes are effected.                                            · If you lie or use dishonest ways to get money

E.1.5. Nomination                                                                                      from the policy, you lose the benefits and the
The Policyholder is required at the inception of the Policy and at the time of renewal to make a       money you paid for it.
nomination for the purpose of payment of claims under the Policy in the event of death of the         · If the company finds out later that you made a
Policyholder. Nomination can be changed any time during the term of the policy. Any change of          fraudulent claim, you have to pay back the
nomination shall be communicated to the Company in writing and such change shall be effective          money you received.
only when an endorsement on the Policy is made. ln the event of death of the Policyholder, the        · Everyone who made the fraudulent claim has
Company will pay the nominee as named in the Policy Schedule (if any) and in case there is no          to pay the money back, and they are all
subsisting nominee, to the legal heirs or legal representatives of the                                 responsible for it
Policyholder whose discharge shall be treated as full and final discharge of its liability under the
Policy                                                                                                Simpler version*
                                                                                                      If you can prove that you did not lie on purpose
E.1.6. Fraud                                                                                          and the insurance company already knew about
lf any claim made by the Insured Person, is in any respect fraudulent, or if any false statement,     the truth, they cannot reject your claim or cancel
or declaration is made or used in support thereof, or if any fraudulent means or devices are used     your policy due to fraud
by the Insured Person or anyone acting on his / her behalf to obtain any benefit under this
Policy, all benefits under this policy and the premium paid shall be forfeited.
Any amount already paid against claims made under this policy but which are found fraudulent
later shall be repaid by all recipient(s) / Policyholder(s), who has made that particular claim, who
shall be jointly and severally liable for such repayment to the insurer.

For the purpose of this clause, the expression "fraud" means any of the following acts
committed by the Insured Person or by his agent or the hospital / doctor / any other party
acting on behalf of the Insured Person, with intent to deceive the insurer or to induce the insurer
to issue an insurance policy:

      a) the suggestion, as a fact of that which is not true and which the Insured Person does
          not believe to be true;

      b) the active concealment of a fact by the Insured Person having knowledge or belief of
          the fact;

      c) any other act fitted to deceive and:
      d) any such act or omission as the law specially declares to be fraudulent

The Company shall not repudiate the claim and / or forfeit the policy benefits on the ground of
Fraud, if the Insured Person / beneficiary can prove that the misstatement was true to the best
of his knowledge and there was no deliberate intention to suppress the fact or that such
misstatement of or suppression of material fact are within the knowledge of the Company.

                                                                                                      Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
E.1.7. Withdrawal of Policy                                                                            Simpler version*
      a) ln the likelihood of this product being withdrawn in future, the Company will intimate        a) If the Company plans to discontinue this
          the Insured Person about the same 90 days prior to expiry of the policy.                     product, they will notify the Insured Person 90
      b) lnsured Person will have the option to migrate to similar health insurance product            days before the policy expires.
          available with the Company at the time of renewal with all the accrued continuity            b) The Insured Person can choose to switch to a
          benefits to the extent of Sum Insured, Specific waiting periods, waiting period for          similar health insurance product available with
          Pre-existing disease, moratorium period, Super Credit, waiver of Waiting Period,             the Company at the time of renewal, keeping all
          provided the Policy has been maintained without a break.                                     the continuity benefits, like Specific waiting
                                                                                                       periods, waiting period for Pre-existing disease,
E.1.8. Redressal of Grievance:                                                                         moratorium period, Super Credit, waiver of
ln case of any grievance the Insured Person / Policyholder may contact the                             Waiting Period as long as the Policy is maintained
Website: https://www.adityabirlacapital.com/healthinsurance/faqs                                       without a break.
Toll - Free: 1800 270 7000
E-Mail: care.healthinsurance@adityabirlacapital.com                                                    Simpler version*
(Senior citizens may write to us at: seniorcitizen.healthinsurance@adityabirlacapital.com)             If the Insured Person has a complaint, they can
In case you are not satisfied with the resolution you may write to Head ­ Customer Care :              reach out to the company through their different
carehead.healthinsurance@adityabirlacapital.com                                                        modes to resolve their problems

Courier:                                                                                               The Insurance Ombudsman is a government body
Write to our HO at below address                                                                       that helps resolve disputes between policyholders
Unit no 1101 & 1104 11th floor,                                                                        and insurance companies. Insured individuals can
Unit no 1501& 1502 15th floor,                                                                         approach the Ombudsman for assistance if they
G Corp Tech Park, Kasarwadavali,                                                                       are not satisfied with the resolution of their
Ghodbunder Road, Thane West-400601                                                                     complaint
lnsured Person may also approach the grievance cell at any of the Company's branches with the
details of grievance.                                                                                  Simpler version*
                                                                                                       a) The company must settle or reject a claim
If lnsured Person is not satisfied with the redressal of grievance                                     within 15 days from submission of claim.
through one of the above methods, Insured Person may contact the                                       b) If the company takes more than 15 days to
grievance officer at:gro.healthinsurance@adityabirlacapital.com                                        settle or reject a claim, it must pay the
If Insured Person is not satisfied with the redressal of grievance through above methods, the          Policyholder interest at a rate of 2% above the
Insured Person may also approach the office of Insurance Ombudsman of the respective area /            bank rate
region for redressal of grievance as per Insurance Ombudsman Rules 2017 (at the addresses
given in Annexure II)
Grievance may also be lodged at IRDAI Integrated Grievance Management System -
https://bimabharosa.irdai.gov.in/

E.1.9. Claim Settlement (Provision for Penal Interest)
      a) Settlement of claims (other than cashless) shall be settled within 15 days from
           submission of claim.

      b) In the case of delay in the payment of a claim, the Company shall be liable to pay
           interest from the date of receipt of claim intimation till the date of payment of claim at
           a rate of 2% above the bank rate.

           (Explanation: "Bank rate" shall mean rate fixed by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) which
           is prevalent as on 1 st day of the financial year in which the claim has fallen due

E.1.10. Moratorium Period                                                                              Simpler version*
After completion of sixty continuous months of coverage (including portability and migration) in       After completion of 5 years of the policy
health insurance policy, no policy and claim shall be contestable by the insurer on grounds of         (including portability and migration), no health
non-disclosure, misrepresentation, except on grounds of established fraud. This period of sixty        insurance claim can be rejected except in cases of
continuous months is called as moratorium period. The moratorium would be applicable for the           proven fraud or permanent exclusions listed in
sums insured of the first policy. Wherever, the sum insured is enhanced, completion of sixty           the policy contract. However, the policy still has
continuous months would be applicable from the date of enhancement of sums insured only on             limits, sub-limits, co-payments, and deductibles
the enhanced limits. The accrued credits gained under the ported and migrated policies shall be        that apply
counted for the purpose of calculating the Moratorium period

                                                                                                       Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
E.1.11. Multiple Policies                                                                             a.If you have multiple health insurance policies,
      a) ln case of multiple policies taken by an Insured Person during a period from one or          you can choose which one to use for settling a
          more insurers to indemnify treatment costs, the Insured Person shall have the right to      claim. The insurer of the chosen policy shall be
          require a settlement of his/her claim in terms of any of his / her policies. ln all such    treated as primary insurer and will settle
          cases the insurer chosen by the Insured Person shall be treated as the primary Insurer      the claim if it's within the policy's limits and
          and shall be obliged to settle the claim as long as the claim is within the limits of and   terms
          according to the terms of the chosen policy.
      b) lnsured person having multiple policies shall also have the right to prefer claims under     b.You can use one insurance policy to claim for
          this policy for the amounts disallowed under any other policy / policies even if the        costs that another policy does not cover, even if
          Sum Insured is not exhausted. Then the Insurer shall independently settle the claim         the coverage limit has not been reached. The
          subject to the terms and conditions of this Policy.                                         insurance company will process the claim
      C. lf the amount to be claimed exceeds the sum insured under a single policy, the Primary       separately based on the terms and conditions of
          Insurer shall seek the details of other available policies of the policyholder and shall    the policy
          coordinate with other Insurers to ensure settlement of the balance amount as per the
          policy conditions.                                                                          c. If the claim amount is more than the Sum
      d) Where an insured person has policies from more than one insurer to cover the same            Insured under one policy, the Primary Insurer shall
          risk on indemnity basis, the insured person shall only be indemnified the treatment         seek the details of other available policies of the
          costs in accordance with the terms and conditions of the chosen policy.                     policyholder and shall coordinate with other
                                                                                                      Insurers to ensure settlement of the balance
Benefit based covers:                                                                                 amount
      On occurrence of the insured event, the policyholders are entitled to claim from all the
      insurers under all policies.                                                                    d. If you have multiple insurance policies from
                                                                                                      different insurers that cover the same risk, you
E.1.12. Migration                                                                                     will only receive treatment costs according to the
The Insured Person will have the option to migrate the Policy to other health insurance products /    terms and conditions of the policy you choose
plans, offered by the Company, by applying for migration of the policy at least 30 days before the
policy renewal date. If such person is presently covered and has been continuously covered            Simpler version*
without any lapses under any health insurance product / plan offered by the Company, the              You can switch to other health insurance plans
Insured Person will get the accrued continuity benefits to the extent of the Sum Insured,             offered by the same company by applying 30 days
Cumulative Bonus if any, Specific Waiting periods, waiting period for pre-existing diseases,          before renewal. If you've been continuously
Moratorium period, provided the policy was renewed continuously without break.                        covered under any health insurance plan by the
                                                                                                      same company, you'll get benefits of the Waiting
For detailed guidelines on migration, kindly refer the link                                           Periods, morotorium etc as per IRDAI norms on
https://www.adityabirlacapital.com/healthinsurance/downloads                                          migration

E.1.13. Portability                                                                                   Simpler version*
The Insured Person will have the option to port the Policy to other insurers by applying to such      You can switch your health insurance policy to
Insurer to port the entire policy along with all the members of the family, if any, at least 30 days  another insurer along with your family members,
before, but not earlier than 60 days from the policy renewal date. If such person is presently        by applying at least 30 days before, but not earlier
covered and has been continuously covered without any lapses under any health insurance               than 60 days from the policy renewal date as per
policy with an Indian General/Health insurer, the proposed Insured Person will get the accrued        IRDAI guidelines. If you have been continuously
continuity benefits to the extent of the Sum Insured, Cumulative Bonus, if any, specific waiting      covered under any health insurance policy with an
periods, waiting period for pre-existing disease, Moratorium period, provided the policy was          Indian insurer, you will get the Waiting Periods,
renewed continuously without break.                                                                   morotorium etc benefits as per IRDAI norms on
                                                                                                      portability.
For detailed guidelines on migration, kindly refer the link
https://www.adityabirlacapital.com/healthinsurance/downloads                                          Simpler version*
                                                                                                      If you don't tell the truth or hide important
E.1.14. Disclosure of Information                                                                     information when you buy the policy, and the
The Policy shall be void and all premium paid thereon shall be forfeited to the Company in the        insurance company finds out, they can cancel the
event of misrepresentation, mis-description or non-disclosure of any material fact by the             policy and keep all the money you paid.
policyholder.
(Explanation: "Material facts" for the purpose of this policy shall mean all relevant information     Simpler version*
sought by the company in the proposal form and other connected documents to enable it to              The Insured Person must follow the rules of the
take informed decision in the context of underwriting the risk)                                       policy so that the Company can pay for any
                                                                                                      claim(s) that come up under the policy
E.1.15. Condition Precedent to Admission of Liability
The terms and conditions of the policy must be fulfilled by the Insured Person for the Company        Simpler version*
to make any payment for claim(s) arising under the Policy                                             If the Company pays any amount for a claim to
                                                                                                      the policyholder, Insured Person, their represen-
E.1.16. Complete Discharge                                                                            tatives, or the hospital, it will be considered as a
Any payment to the policyholder, Insured Person or his/ her nominees or his/ her legal represen-      valid payment for that specific claim
tative or assignee or to the Hospital, as the case may be, for any benefit under the policy shall be
a valid discharge towards payment of claim by the Company to the extent of that amount for            Simpler version*
the particular claim.                                                                                 If the Insured Person has chosen to pay premiums
                                                                                                      in instalments (such as half-yearly, quarterly, or
E.1.17. Premium Payment in Instalments                                                                monthly), certain conditions will apply as
lf the Insured Person has opted for Payment of Premium on an instalment basis i.e. Half Yearly,       mentioned in the policy schedule/
Quarterly or Monthly, as mentioned in the Policy Schedule/Certificate of insurance, the following     certificate of insurance
Conditions shall apply (notwithstanding any terms contrary elsewhere in the policy)
                                                                                                      The policy allows a grace period of 15 days for
      a) Grace Period of (15) fifteen days in case of monthly premium policies, and a period          monthly premium policies and 30 days for other
          of 30 days in case of other than monthly premium policies would be given to pay the         policies for payment of premium. During the grace
          instalment premium due for the policy.                                                      period, coverage will be available.

      b) The Policy will be in force during such grace period and any claims arising during the
          Grace Period will be payable subject to policy terms and conditions.

                                                                                                      Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
      c) The Insured Person will get the accrued continuity benefit in respect of the "Waiting        The Insured Person can still receive continuity
          Periods", "Specific Waiting Periods" in the event of payment of premium within the          benefits for Waiting Periods if they pay the
          stipulated grace Period.                                                                    premium within the grace period. No interest will
                                                                                                      be charged if the instalment premium is not paid
      d) No interest will be charged lf the instalment premium is not paid on due date                on the due date, but if it's not paid within the
      e) ln case of instalment premium due not received within the grace period, the policy           grace period, the policy will be cancelled. If a claim
                                                                                                      is made, all upcoming premium payments must be
          will get cancelled.                                                                         made immediately
      f) ln the event of a claim, all subsequent premium instalments shall immediately
                                                                                                    Simpler version*
          become due and payable                                                                    If all Insured Persons die, the Policy will end and a
      g) The Company has the right to recover and deduct all the pending instalments from           refund, as per Section E.1.2 (Cancellation) will be
                                                                                                    given if no claims have been made or benefits
          the claim amount due under the Policy.                                                    availed under the Policy.

E.2. Specific Terms and Clauses                                                                     Simpler version*
E.2.1. Automatic Cancellation:                                                                      Any information that customer know or should
Cover under the Policy shall automatically terminate in the event of death of the all Insured       reasonably know, which is related to the
Person(s). A refund in accordance with Section E.1.2 (Cancellation) shall be payable provided that  questions in the Proposal Form and is important
no claim has been admitted or lodged or not benefit has been availed by the Insured Person          for us to decide whether to provide insurance
under the Policy However, the cover shall continue for the remaining Insured Persons, if any, till  coverage should be disclosed. The customer has
the end of Policy Period. The other Insured Persons may also apply to renew the Policy. In case,    the responsibility to disclose this information to
the other Insured Person is minor, the Policy shall be renewed only through any one of his/her      us before renewing, extending, changing, or
natural guardian or guardians appointed by court. All relevant particulars in respect of such       adding anything to the insurance contract. The
person (including his/her relationship with the Insured Person) must be submitted to the            terms and conditions of the Policy will not be
Company along with the application. Provided no claim has been made, and termination takes          changed.
place on account of death of the Insured Person, proportionate refund of premium of the of the
deceased Insured Person for the balance period of the Policy will be effective.                     Simpler version*
                                                                                                    The Company may charge extra on the premium,
Automatic change in coverage under the Policy : Upon exhaustion of Sum Insured and Super            apply Waiting Period, or exclude certain conditions
Credit , for the Policy Year. However, the Policy is subject to Renewal on the due date as per the  based on the health status, medical records, and
applicable terms and conditions.                                                                    pre-policy medical examination of the proposed
                                                                                                    Insured Person. The proposer will be informed
E.2.2. Material Change                                                                              about the extra charge through a letter, and the
Material information to be disclosed includes every matter that You are aware of, or could          Policy will only be issued if the proposer accepts
reasonably be expected to know, that relates to questions in the Proposal Form and which is         within 15 days. If there is no response within 15
relevant to Us in order to accept the risk of insurance. You must exercise the same duty to         days, the application will be cancelled, and any
disclose those matters to Us before the Renewal, extension, variation, or endorsement of the        premium received will be refunded within 7 days.
contract. The Policy terms and conditions shall not be altered.
                                                                                                    Simpler version*
E.2.3. No Constructive Notice                                                                       a) The cost of renewing the Policy will depend on
Any knowledge or information of any circumstance or condition in relation to the Policyholder/      the age of the oldest person insured for the
Insured Person which is in Our possession and not specifically informed by the Policyholder /       family plan.
Insured Person shall not be held to bind or prejudicially affect Us notwithstanding subsequent
acceptance of any premium                                                                           b) If a new person is added to the Policy during
                                                                                                    renewal or by endorsement, the pre-existing
E.2.4. Additional premium (Risk Loading)                                                            disease clause, exclusions, loading, and Waiting
      a) The Company may apply loading on the premium, specific Waiting Period or any               Periods will apply to the new person as if they
          permanent exclusions, based on the declarations made in the Proposal Form and the         were starting a new Policy.
          health status, habits and lifestyle, past medical records, and the results of the
          Pre-Policy medical examination of the persons proposed to be insured under the            c) At the time of renewal, you can request to
          Policy                                                                                    increase the sum insured, but it will be subject to
      b) Loadings shall be applied from Commencement Date including subsequent                      underwriting.
          Renewal(s), and on increased Sum Insured
      c) Proposer shall be informed about the proposed loading with premium, specific Waiting
          Period or permanent exclusion (if any) through a counter offer letter and Policy will be
          issued only on specific acceptance within 15 days of the receipt of such counter offer
          letter. In case the Company does not receive any response to the counter offer letter
          from the proposer within 15 days, the application shall be cancelled and any premium
          received shall be refunded within 7 days.

E.2.5. Other Renewal Conditions:
      a) Renewal Premium:
          Renewal premium will alter based on Age. For Floater plan, the age of eldest Insured
          Person will be considered for calculating the premium.
      b) Addition of Insured Persons on Renewal:
          If a new member is added in the Policy, either by way of endorsement or at the time
          of Renewal, the Pre-existing Disease clause, exclusions, loading (if any) and Waiting
          Periods will be applicable afresh for that member.
          Option of Mid-term inclusion of a Person in the Policy as an Insured will be only upon
          marriage or childbirth (inclusion of child only after completed 90 days and less than 1
          year of age), Additional differential premium will be calculated on a pro rata basis.
          Otherwise child addition can happen only in next Renewal or at the start of next Policy
          Year in multi-year policies.

                                                                                                    Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
      c) Changes to Sum Insured on Renewal:                                                          The Waiting Periods defined in the Policy will
          You may opt for enhancement of Sum Insured at the time of Renewal, subject to              apply again for the enhanced limit from the
          underwriting. All Waiting Periods as defined in the Policy shall apply afresh for this     effective date of such enhancement
          enhanced limit from the effective date of such enhancement                                 d) We will not be responsible for any claims
                                                                                                     related to an ailment, hospitalization, or illness
      d) We shall not be liable for any claim arising out of an ailment suffered or Hospitalization  that occurs between the end date of your
          commencing or disease/Illness/condition contracted during the period between the           previous Policy and the start date of your new
          expiry of previous Policy and date of inception of subsequent Policy and such              Policy. Such conditions will be considered as
          disease/Illness/condition shall be treated as a Pre-Existing Disease.                      pre-existing diseases and will not be covered
                                                                                                     e) You can use any remaining funds in your
      e) Any unutilised funds under HealthReturnsTM (from the previous Policy year/ month)           HealthReturnsTM account from the previous
          will be available for claims during the Grace Period.                                      Policy Year or month during the grace period to
                                                                                                     make claims
      f) You shall not be able to earn HealthReturnsTM during the Grace Period.                      f) During the grace period, which is a specific
      g) In case the Policy is not renewed before the end of the Grace Period, any unutilized        period of time after the due date for payment,
                                                                                                     insured won't be able to accumulate or earn any
          funds under HealthReturnsTM shall be available for a claim as up to a period of 3          HealthReturnsTM
          months from the date of expiry of the Policy.
      h) If the Insured Persons in the expiring Policy are covered in an Individual Policy, and      Simpler version*
          such expiring Policy has been Renewed with Us on a Family Floater Policy basis then        You or the Insured Person should maintain
          the accumulated amount under HealthReturnsTM that will be carried forward in such          accurate medical records and allow us or our
          Renewed Policy shall be the total of all the Insured Persons moving out and shall be       representatives to review them. You or the
          maintained on an Individual Policy basis.                                                  Insured Person should also provide any informa-
       i) If the Insured Persons in the expiring Policy are in a Family Floater Policy and such      tion required by us under the Policy during the
          Insured Persons renew their expiring Policy with Us by splitting the Sum Insured in to     Policy Period and up to three years after the
          two or more Family Floater Policy/ Individual Policies then the accumulated amount         Policy expires or until all claims are settled
          under HealthReturnsTM shall be apportioned to such Renewed Policies in the
          proportion of the Sum Insured of each Renewed Policy.

      j) You shall disclose to Us in writing of any chronic condition acquired by any Insured
          Person at the time of seeking Renewal of this Policy or during the Policy tenure,
          irrespective of any claim arising or made.

      k) Wherever the Sum Insured is reduced on any Policy Renewals, the Waiting Periods as
          mentioned in the Policy Schedule shall be waived only up to the lowest Sum Insured
          as applicable to the relevant Waiting Periods of the Plan in force.

      l) Where an Insured Person is added to this Policy, either by way of endorsement, all
          Waiting Periods under Section D.1.1 (Pre-Existing Diseases (Code- Excl01)), D.1.2
          (Specified disease / procedure Waiting Period: (Code- Excl02)) and D.1.3 (30-day
          Waiting Period (Code- Excl03)) will be applicable considering such Policy Year as the
          first year of Policy with Us with respect to the Insured Person.

      m) Applicable Super Credit shall be accrued on each Renewal as per eligibility under the
          plan in force.

      n) In case of Family Floater Policies, children attaining 25 years at the time of Renewal
          will be moved out of the floater into an individual cover. However, all continuity
          benefits for such Insured Person on the Policy will remain intact. No Claim Bonus
          earned on the Policy will stay with the Insured Persons(s) covered under the original
          Policy.

E.2.6. Records to be maintained
You or the Insured Person, as the case may be shall keep an accurate record containing all
relevant medical records and shall allow Us or Our representative(s) to inspect such records. You
or the Insured Person as the case may be, shall furnish such information as may be required by
Us under this Policy at any time during the Policy Period and up to three years after the Policy
expiration, or until final adjustment (if any) and resolution of all claims under this Policy.

E.2.7 Claims                                                                                         Simpler version*
The fulfilment of the terms and conditions of this Policy (including the requirements in this        a) To inform the insurance company about
Section) in so far as they relate to anything to be done or complied with by You or any Insured      hospitalization, the Insured Person or their
Person, including complying with the following in relation to claims, shall be Conditions            representative must give notice with full details:
Precedent to admission of Our liability under this Policy:                                           Within specified timelines to experience a smooth
                                                                                                     claims process.
      a) Notification of a Claim
          Notice with full particulars shall be sent to the Company as under:
          i. Within 24 hours from the date of emergency Hospitalization required or before
                the Insured Person's discharge from Hospital, whichever is earlier.
          ii. At least 48 hours prior to admission in Hospital in case of a planned
                Hospitalization or decision to avail treatment under Section Home Health Care as
                specified in Appendix A.
          iii. If the claim is not notified to Us within the timelines indicated in this Section,
                then We shall be provided the reasons for the delay in writing. We will condone
                such delay on merits where the delay has been proved to be for reasons beyond
                the claimant's control.

Type of claim                                                                                        Prescribed Time Limit
Reimbursement of Hospitalization, Day Care Treatment or Pre Hospitalization Expenses                 Within 30 days of date of discharge
                                                                                                     from Hospital.
Reimbursement of Post Hospitalization Expenses
                                                                                                     Within 15 days from completion of post
                                                                                                     Hospitalization treatment.

                                                                                                                 Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
b) List of documents required for a Claim

      The reimbursement claim is to be supported with the following documents and submitted within the prescribed time limit.
          i. Duly Completed claim form,
          ii. Photo ID and Age Proof,
          iii. Copy of the Hospital's Registration Certificate/ Hospital Registration number in case of Hospitalization in any non-Network Provider of the
                Company or certificate from Hospital authorities providing facilities available including number of beds,
          iv. Discharge Card / Day Care Summary / Transfer Summary,
          v. Final Hospital bill with all original deposit and final payment receipt and refund receipt(s), if advance amount refunded,
          vi. Invoice with payment receipt and implant stickers for all implants used during Surgeries e.g. lens sticker and invoice in cataract Surgery, stent
                invoice and sticker in Angioplasty Surgery,
          vii. All previous consultation papers indicating history and treatment details for current Illness and advice for current Hospitalization,
          viii. All diagnostic reports (including imaging and laboratory) along with prescription by Medical Practitioner and invoice / bill with receipt from
                diagnostic centre,
          ix. All medicine / pharmacy bills along with prescription by Medical Practitioner,
          x. MLC / FIR Copy ­ in Accident cases only,
          xi. History of alcohol consumption or any intoxication certified by first treating doctor in case of Accident cases,
          xii. Copy of Death Summary and copy of Death Certificate (in death claims only),
          xiii. Copy of indoor case papers with nursing sheet detailing medical history of the Insured Person, treatment details, and patient's progress (to be
                submitted wherever required by the Company).
          xiv. Invoice for vaccination and payment receipt,
          xv. Original invoices for the expenses incurred towards ambulance facility along with details of loss in the Company's prescribed format,
          xvi. KYC documents of the Policyholder as per AML guidelines,
          xvii. Duly filled NEFT form with cancelled blank cheque (with IFSC code, A/C number, and name mentioned on cheque leaf),
          xviii.Legal heir/succession certificate, wherever applicable,
          xix. Additional documents for claims outside India of Insured Person and Accompanying Person (as applicable) ­
                · Passport copy with entry and exit stamps
                · Flight Tickets and Boarding Pass, if applicable
                · Accommodation Invoices, if applicable
                · Written advice from the overseas treating Medical Practitioner for requirement of an accompanying person during treatment.
                · Additional documents as specified under each benefit
          xx. Any other relevant document required by Company for assessment of the claim.

      Note:
      · The Company shall only accept bills/invoices/medical treatment related documents only in the Insured Person's name for whom the claim is

          submitted.
      · In the event of a claim lodged under the Policy and the original documents having been submitted to any other insurer, the Company shall accept

          the copy of the documents and claim settlement advice, duly certified by the other insurer subject to satisfaction of the Company.
      · If requested by the Company, at the Company's cost, the Insured Person must submit to medical examination by Medical Practitioner appointed by

          the Company as often as it is considered reasonable and necessary and Company's representatives must be permitted to inspect the medical and
          Hospitalization records pertaining to the Insured Person's treatment, and to investigate the circumstances pertaining to the claim.

          Any delay in notification or submission may be condoned on merit where delay is proved to be for reasons beyond the control of the Insured Person

E.2.7.1 Claims Procedure for Benefits other than Personal Accident and Critical Illness
      On the occurrence or the discovery of any Illness or Injury that may give rise to a claim under this Policy, then as a Condition Precedent to Our liability
      under the Policy the following procedure shall be complied with:

      a) For Availing Cashless Facility
          i. Cashless Facilities can be availed only at Our Network Providers. The complete list of Network Providers is available on Our website and at Our
                branches and can also be obtained by contacting Us over the telephone.
          ii. We reserve the right to modify, add or restrict any Network Provider for Cashless Facilities at Our sole discretion. Before availing Cashless
                Facilities, please check the applicable updated list of Network Providers.

      b) Process for Obtaining Pre-Authorisation for Planned Treatment:
          i. It is advisable that we must be contacted to pre-authorise Cashless Facility for planned treatment at least 72 hours prior to the proposed
                treatment. Each request for pre-authorisation must be accompanied with all the following details:
                1. The Policy Number;
                2. Nature of the Illness/Injury and the treatment/Surgery required;
                3. Name and address of the attending Medical Practitioner;
                4. Hospital where treatment/Surgery is proposed to be taken;
                5. Proposed date of admission.
                6. Preauthorisation form dully filed sign and stamp by hospital and insured / relative
                7. Insured ID card
                8. Policy copy
                9. All Past consultation papers
                10. CKYC form with CKYC number mandatory for all claims. (PAN & Aadhar card of Proposer both are Mandatory as per IRDA Guideline).
          ii. If these details are not provided in full or are insufficient for Us to consider the request, We will request additional information or documentation
                in respect of that request.
          iii. When we have obtained sufficient details to assess the request, We will issue the authorization letter specifying the sanctioned amount, any
                specific limitation on the claim, applicable Deductibles and non-payable items, if applicable, or reject the request for pre-authorisation
                specifying reasons for the rejection.
          iv. The initial authorization letter shall be issued to the Network Provider immediately but not more than one hour of receiving the complete
                information.

      c) Process to be followed for Availing Cashless Facilities in Emergencies:
          i. We must be contacted to pre-authorise Cashless Facility within 24 hours of the Insured Person's Hospitalization if the Insured Person has been
                Hospitalized in an Emergency. Each request for pre-authorisation must be accompanied with all the following details:
                1. The Policy Number;
                2. Nature of the Illness / Injury and the treatment / Surgery required;
                3. Name and address of the attending Medical Practitioner;
                4. Hospital where treatment / Surgery is proposed to be taken;
                5. Proposed date of admission.
                6. Preauthorisation form dully filed sign and stamp by hospital and insured / relative.
                7. CKYC form with CKYC number mandatory for all claims. (PAN & Aadhar card of Proposer both are Mandatory as per IRDA Guideline).
                8. Discharge summary/Day care Summary/ Death summary

                                                                                                                                                                                    Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
          9. Final hospital bills with detailed item and cost wise break up
          10. Investigation reports supporting to initial and final diagnosis
          11. Complete set of Indoor case paper with TPR / BP / Nursing and Medicine chart
          12. Implant invoice / sticker / Post operative x ray in surgical Management cases
          13. FIR/Medico Legal Certificate in accidental claim
          14. Operation Theatre notes in surgical Management cases
          15. Consultation papers
          16. Past history and duration of chronic ailments , co morbid condition and diseases if any , supported with first consultation papers.

    ii. If these details are not provided in full or are insufficient for Us to consider the request, We will request additional information or documentation
          in respect of that request.

    iii. When we have obtained sufficient details to assess the request, We will issue the authorization letter specifying the sanctioned amount, any
          specific limitation on the claim, applicable Deductibles and non-payable items, if applicable, or reject the request for pre-authorisation
          specifying reasons for the rejection.

    iv. Once the request for pre-authorisation has been granted, the treatment must take place within 15 days of the pre- authorization date at a
          Network Provider and pre-authorization shall be valid only if all the details of the authorized treatment, including dates, Hospital and locations,
          match with the details of the actual treatment received. For Hospitalization where Cashless Facility is pre-authorised by Us, We will make the
          payment of the amounts assessed to be due directly to the Network Provider.

    v. The initial Authorization letter shall be issued to the Network Provider immediately but not more than one hour of receiving the complete
          information.

d) For Reimbursement Claims:
    i. For all claims for which Cashless Facilities have not been pre-authorised or for which treatment has not been taken at a Network Provider, We
          shall be given written notice of the claim along with the following details within 48 hours of admission to the Hospital or before discharge from
          the Hospital, whichever is earlier:
          1. The Policy Number;
          2. Name of the Policyholder;
          3. Name and address of the Insured Person in respect of whom the request is being made;
          4. Health Card, Photo ID, KYC documents
          5. Nature of Illness or Injury and the treatment/Surgery taken;
          6. Name and address of the attending Medical Practitioner;
          7. Hospital where treatment/Surgery was taken;
          8. Date of admission and date of discharge;
          9. Any other information that may be relevant to the Illness/ Injury/ Hospitalization
    ii. If the claim is not notified to Us within the earlier of 48 hours of the Insured Person's admission to the Hospital or before the Insured Person's
          discharge from the Hospital, then We shall be provided the reasons for the delay in writing.

e) Claims Documentation:
    We shall be provided the following necessary information and documentation in respect of all Claims at Your/Insured Person's expense within 30
    days of the Insured Person's discharge from Hospital:
    i. Claims for Pre-Hospitalization Medical Expenses and Post Hospitalization Medical Expenses to be submitted to us within 30 days of the
          completion of the post hospitalization treatment
    ii. For those claims for which the use of Cashless Facility has been authorised, We will be provided these documents by the Network Provider
          immediately following the Insured Person's discharge from Hospital:
          1. Duly filled and signed Claim Form Part A
          2. Duly filled and signed Claim Form Part B for hospitalization claim
          3. Proposer's ID Proof : PAN Card & Adhaar card (If CKYC not registered). If CKYC registered: CKYC form and CKYC number
          4. Copy of claim intimation letter / reference of Claim Intimation Number in the absence of main claim documents)
          5. Copy of the Network Provider's Registration Certificate / Copy of Form C in case of Hospitalization.
          6. Original Discharge Card / Day Care Summary / Transfer Summary
          7. Original Hospital Final Bill with detailed break up and all original Deposit & Final Payment Receipts.
          8. Original Invoice with Payment receipt & implant Stickers for all Implants used during Surgeries i.e. Lens Sticker & Invoice in Cataract
               Surgery, Stent Invoice & Sticker in Angioplasty Surgery.
          9. All previous consultation papers indicating history & treatment details for current ailment
          10. All original diagnostic reports (including imaging and laboratory) along with Medical Practitioner's prescription & invoice / bill with receipt
               from diagnostic centre
          11. All Original Medicine / Pharmacy Bills along with Medical Practitioner's prescription
          12. MLC / FIR Copy ­ in Accidental Cases Only
          13. Copy of Death Summary & Copy Death Certificate (in Death Claims Only)
          14. Pre & Post-Operative Imaging reports ­ for Accident Cases Only
          15. Copy of Indoor case papers with nursing sheet detailing medical history of the patient, treatment details, & patient's progress (if
               available)
          16. Treating Medical Practitioner letter stating:
          · Presenting complaints with duration & past history
          · Medical history of Co-morbidities e.g. Hypertension, Heart ailment etc.
          · Treatment detail with name of drugs & route of administration
          17. Treating Medical Practitioner letter stating ­ for Accident Cases Only
          · Details of Accident/trauma
          · Whether patient was under the influence of alcohol or any intoxicating substance during incident / Accident
          18. KYC documents in accordance with the provisions of the regulations, circulars and guidelines issued by the IRDAI with respect to KYC from
               time to time.
          19. Legal Heir / Succession Certificate in case of Proposer's Death
          20. Affidavit-NOC from other Legal Heirs in Stamp Paper certified by Notary Public (In case of settlement to one Legal Heir)
          21. Investigation / Diagnostic Reports Including CT / MRI / USG / HPE / ECG / X-Ray / MRI / CT Films and reports
          22. Doctor Consultation Bills and consultation papers
          23. All previous consultation papers
          24. Medico Legal Case (MLC) / Accident Report (AR) / (In case of Accident)
          25. First Information Report (FIR) in case of Accident
          26. Proposer's Bank Account Details- Cancelled Cheque Leaf with Proposer name pre-printed OR Bank Passbook 1st page
          27. Nominee / Legal Heir Bank Account Details-Cancelled Cheque Leaf / Passbook / Bank Statement (in case of Proposer's Death)

                                                                                                                                                                            Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
Additional documents in case of below covers
In case of Multiple Policy claims:

      1. Photocopy of entire claim document duly attested by previous Insurer or TPA
      2. Original payment receipts for expenses not claimed/settled by previous insurer
      3. Discharge voucher/settlement letter by previous insurer

Road Ambulance Cover:
      1. Photocopy of discharge card
      2. Original Ambulance invoice & paid receipt

E.2.7.2 Claim Procedure for Personal Accident, Critical Illness Benefit
      a) Intimation of Claim
          You or anyone on behalf of the Insured Person(s) shall intimate a claim to Us within 7 days from the date of the Accident or diagnosis of the Critical
          Illness or admission in the Hospital (as the case may be) by any of the following means
          · Call centre
          · Email
          · Fax
          · Writing to Our office address

The following minimum details are required to be provided at the time of intimation of claim:

      i. The Policy number;
      ii. Name of the Policyholder;
      iii. Name and address of the Insured Person in respect of whom the request is being made

      b) Claim Documents:
          The claims documents as specified in below sections for various covers must be provided to Us within 30 days of occurrence of the event giving
          rise to a claim under the Policy at Your own / Insured Person's expenses.
          Where there is a delay in intimation of claim and/or submission of claim documents is proved to be genuine and for reasons beyond the control of
          the claimant, We may condone such delay and process the claim. We reserve the right to decline such requests for claim process where there is no
          merit behind such delay.

b.1. Personal Accident Cover
      Documents required for all Benefits under Personal Accident Cover
      1. Photo ID and Age proof of Insured Person / Nominee (if Insured Person is not alive);
      2. Claim intimation or claim reference number (if any);
      3. Attested copy of medico legal certificate copy / first information report copy / Panchnama (spot / inquest);
      4. Copies of consultation letters detailing the treatment taken immediately after Accident;
      5. Radiological investigation reports like X ray, CT scan, MRI etc with films supporting the diagnosis of Injury;
      6. Cancelled cheque for NEFT.
      7. Duly completed personal accident policy claim form signed by Insured Person.
      8. CKYC form with CKYC number mandatory for all claims. (PAN & Aadhar card of Proposer both are Mandatory as per IRDA Guideline).
      9. Discharge Summary
      10. Original Final Hospital Bill with Breakup & Paid Receipts
      11. Implant invoice/sticker in case of Surgery
      12. Death summary - In case of Death
      13. Operation Theatre notes ­ In case of Surgery
      14. Pharmacy/Lab/Doctor Consultation bills with supporting paid receipt
      15. Copy of indoor case papers with nursing sheet detailing medical history of the patient, treatment details and patient's progress where applicable.
      16. Personalized Cancelled Cheque with Insured name on the Cheque / Passbook / NEFT form sign by Bank. In case of Death Cancelled cheque of Nominee

Additional documents required for Specific Benefits
      If these details are not provided in full or are insufficient for Us to consider the request, We shall request additional information or documentation in
      respect of that request.

b.1.1 Accidental Death Cover (AD)
      1. Attested copy of the death certificate issued by government / municipal authorities
      2. Attested copy of cause of death certificate issued by treating Medical Practitioner/ Hospital
      3. Copy of burial certificate (wherever applicable)
      4. Attested copy of post-mortem report, if applicable
      5. Attested copy of viscera report and chemical analysis report (6) Attested copy of witness statement (if available)
      6. Attested copy of witness statement (if available)
      7. Copy of death summary if the Insured Person was Hospitalised
      8. Copy of indoor case papers with nursing sheet detailing medical history of the patient, treatment details and patient's progress (where the death
          summary is not detailed) (if available)
      9. Translation of all vernacular documents in English duly notarized.
      10. Salary slips for last 3 months with seal and signature of authorized signatory of the organization (if employed)
      11. Last 3 years' financial years' income tax return for self-employed persons
      12. Legal heir certificate containing affidavit and indemnity bond both duly signed by all legal heirs and notarized (If Nominee name is not mentioned
          on Policy Schedule or Nominee is a minor, then legal guardian.)
      13. Duly completed personal accident policy claim form signed by Insured Person.
      14. CKYC form with CKYC number mandatory for all claims. (PAN & Aadhar card of Nominee and Insured both are Mandatory as per IRDA Guideline).
      15. Cancelled cheque copy with pre-printed name of Nominee, bank name, branch name, MICR code, IFSC code, account number and account type ; if name is
          not pre-printed then please provide copy of 1st page of pass book or bank account statement of the claimant
      16. Attested copy of medicolegal certificate/ first information report / Panchnama (Spot/Inquest)
      17. Kindly provide current loan outstanding details
      18. Driving license
      19. Copy of Final Police Report
      20. Newspaper Cutting, if any
      21. Motor vehicle settlement letter
      22. Legal Heir Certificate (incase Nominee name is not declare in Policy copy/ death of contratual nominee)
      23. Please confirm if Insured has taken any other Insurance Policy. If yes, please share Policy schedule and settlement letter

                                                                                                                                                                                    Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
b.1.2 Permanent Total Disablement (PTD) & Partial Permanent Disability (PPD)
      1. Attested copy of disability certificate issued by civil surgeon of district Hospital mentioning the type and percentage of disability.
      2. Original photograph of the Insured Person reflecting the disablement or injured part for which the claim is made.
      3. Leave records with seal and signature of authorized signatory of the organization (if employed).
      4. Salary slips for last 3 months with seal and signature of authorized signatory of the organization (if employed).
      5. Last 3 years financial years income tax return for self-employed persons.
      6. Copies of medical documents towards treatment taken during disability period, including discharge summary of the Hospital.
      7. Copy of indoor case papers with nursing sheet detailing medical history of the patient, treatment details and patient's progress (where the discharge
          summary is not detailed) (if available)
      8. Duly completed personal accident policy claim form signed by Insured Person.
      9. CKYC form with CKYC number mandatory for all claims. (PAN & Aadhar card of Proposer both are Mandatory as per IRDA Guideline).
      10. Personalized Cancelled Cheque with Insured name on the Cheque / Passbook / NEFT form sign by Bank. In case of Death Cancelled cheque of Nominee
      11. Radiological investigation reports like X ray, CT scan, MRI etc. with films supporting the diagnosis of Injury
      12. Discharge Summary
      13. Legal Heir Certificate (incase Nominee name is not declare in Policy copy/ death of contratual nominee)
      14. FIR / MLC

Additional documents required for Specific Benefits If these details are not provided in full or are insufficient for Us to consider the request, We shall request
additional information or documentation in respect of that request.

c) Critical Illness Cover
      1. Claim Form (in original) duly completed and signed as prescribed by Us.
      2. Photo ID and Age proof of Insured Person / Nominee (if Insured Person is not alive).
      3. Copy of the claim intimation, if any.
      4. Final Hospital bill.
      5. Hospital discharge summary / day care summary / transfer summary.
      6. Operation theatre notes.
      7. Investigation reports (Including CT scan / MRI / USG / Histopathology or Biopsy report).
      8. Doctor's prescriptions.
      9. Cancelled cheque for NEFT.
      10. Others

Additional documents for submission of claims under Critical Illness Cover
      The Insured Person at their own expenses shall submit the following documents within 30 (thirty) days of the earliest of the date of first diagnosis of
      the Critical Illness/ date of Surgical Procedure or date of occurrence of the medical event, as the case may be:
      1. Medical certificate confirming the diagnosis of Critical Illness
      2. Certificate from attending Medical Practitioner confirming that the claim does not relate to any Pre-Existing Disease or any Illness or Injury which
          was diagnosed within the first 90 days of the Inception Date
      3. Photocopy of discharge certificate / card from the Hospital, if any
      4. Photocopy of investigation test reports confirming the diagnosis
      5. Photocopy of first consultation letter and subsequent prescriptions
      6. Photocopy of indoor case papers if applicable (if available)
      7. Specific documents (if any) listed under the respective Critical Illness
      8. In the cases where Critical Illness arises due to an Accident, FIR copy or medico legal certificate shall be required wherever conducted.

We may call for any additional documents / information as required based on the circumstances of the claim
For details on the claims process or assistance during the process, You may contact Us at Our call centre on the toll free number specified in the Policy Schedule or
through Our website.

E.2.7.3 Procedure for Cashless Claims in case of Home Health Care:
On receipt of duly filled pre-authorization form with other sufficient details to assess a cashless request, the Company will inform the Home Health Care service
provider or Network Provider, who will share the care plan and treatment cost estimation with the Company. On receipt of the complete documents the Company
may:

      a. issue the authorization letter specifying the sanctioned amount, any specific limitation on the claim and non-payable items, if applicable, or
      b. reject the request for pre-authorization specifying reasons for the rejection

E.2.7.4 Claims Procedure for Claims Outside India
Claims Procedure for claims outside India then as a Condition Precedent to Our liability under the Policy the following procedure shall be complied with:

      a. For Availing Cashless Facility
          i. Cashless Facility can be availed only at Our Network Providers / Empanelled Service Providers.
          ii. We reserve the right to modify, add or restrict any Network Provider / Empanelled Service Provider for Cashless Facilities at Our sole discretion.
                Before availing Cashless Facilities, please check the applicable updated list of Network Providers and Empanelled Service Providers on Our
                website.

      b. Process for Obtaining Pre-Authorisation for Planned Treatment:
          i. We / Our Empanelled Service Provider must be contacted to pre-authorise Cashless Facility for planned treatment at the earliest possible prior
                to the proposed treatment. Each request for pre-authorisation must be accompanied with all the following details
                1. The health card issued by Us to the Insured Person, along with the Insured Person's KYC documents.
                2. The Policy Number;
                3. Name of the Policyholder;
                4. Name and address of Insured Person in respect of whom the request is being made;
                5. Nature of the Illness/Injury and the treatment / Surgery required;
                6. Name and address of the attending Medical Practitioner;
                7. The Insured Person on diagnosis of the Illness should share the following for e-opinion
                     · First consultation paper from treating medical practitioner in India
                     · Final Diagnosis paper
                     · Treating doctor certification on final diagnosis
                     · All investigation reports supporting documents
                     · Consent Form to collect documents from various source
                     · Any other relevant documents to ascertain eligibility of claim

                                                                                                                                                                                    Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
8. On the basis of the Insured Person's medical condition, We / Our Empanelled Service Provider will identify 3 Hospitals from Our network.
                9. The Insured Person may choose one of the Hospitals / treatment centres out of the 3 choices given by Us / Our Empanelled Service Provider.
                10. Medical Reports and all other information is shared with the chosen Hospital / clinic.
                11. After the receipt of all medical information, a detailed Medical Opinion from the selected Hospital / treatment centre would be delivered to
                     You at the earliest.
                12. Insured Person must notify Us of the willingness to take the treatment abroad and the country of choice.
                13. On receipt of the Insured Person's confirmation of his/her decision to receive treatment abroad at the selected country for treatment, We /
                     Our Empanelled Service Provider will identify 3 Hospitals from our Network.
                14. You may choose one of the Hospitals / treatment centres out of the 3 Choices given by Us / Our Empanelled Service Provider or You may
                     choose from a fourth option from Our/Empanelled Service Provider's network Hospitals.
                15. We will organize the necessary logistical, travel, accommodation and medical arrangements for the correct admission of the Insured Person
                     and will issue a Preliminary Medical Certificate valid only for that Hospital.
                16. We will provide coverage only in the indicated Hospital in the Preliminary Medical Certificate. Any expense incurred in a different Hospital
                     from the one specified in the Preliminary Medical Certificate will not be covered.
                17. Any expense incurred before the issuance of the Preliminary Medical Certificate will not be covered.
                18. The list of recommended Hospitals and the Preliminary Medical Certificate are issued on the basis of the medical condition of the Insured
                     Person at the time of issue of Preliminary Medical Certificate. Since the health condition of the Insured Person may change over time, both
                     documents will have a validity of three months.
                19. In the event that the Insured Person does not select a Hospital from the list of recommended Hospital or does not initiate treatment within
                     3 months of issuance of Preliminary Medical Certificate within 3 months of issue, We on the request of customer shall reinitiate the process
                     of Pre-Authorisation for planned treatment based on the health condition of the Insured Person at that time.

          ii. If these details are not provided in full or are insufficient for Us to consider the request, We will request additional information or documentation
                in respect of that request.

          iii. When we have obtained sufficient details to assess the request, We will issue the authorization letter specifying the sanctioned amount, any
                specific limitation on the claim and non-payable items, if applicable, or reject the request for pre- authorisation specifying reasons for the
                rejection.

          iv. The initial authorization letter shall be issued to the Network Provider within 24 hours of receiving the complete information.

c. For Reimbursement Claims:
          i. For all claims under Global Enhanced and benefits under Global Cover (Emergency Only) as per Appendix A for which either pre-authorization
                under Cashless Facility has not been accepted or for which treatment has not been taken at a Network Provider, We shall be given written
                notice of the claim along with the following details within 48 hours of admission to the Hospital or before discharge from the Hospital, whichever
                is earlier:
                1. The Policy Number;
                2. Name of the Policyholder;
                3. Name and address of the Insured Person in respect of whom the request is being made;
                4. Health Card, Photo ID, KYC documents
                5. Nature of Illness or Injury and the treatment / Surgery taken;
                6. Name and address of the attending Medical Practitioner;
                7. Hospital where treatment / Surgery was taken;
                8. Date of admission and date of discharge;
                9. Any other information that may be relevant to the Illness / Injury / Hospitalization

          ii. If the claim is not notified to Us within the earlier of 72 hours of the Insured Person's admission to the Hospital or within 72 hours of the Insured
                Person's discharge from the Hospital.

d. Claims Documentation:
      We shall be provided the following necessary information and documentation in respect of all Claims at Your / Insured Person's expense within 30 days
      of the Insured Person's discharge from Hospital:
      i. Claims for Post-Hospitalization Medical Expenses to be submitted to us within 30 days of the completion of the post Hospitalization treatment.
      ii. For those claims for which the use of Cashless Facility has been authorised, We / Our Empanelled Service Provider will be provided these documents
          by the Network Provider / You (as the case may be) immediately following the Insured Person's discharge from Hospital:
          1. Duly signed, stamped and completed Claim Form
          2. Photo ID & Age Proof
          3. Copy of claim intimation letter / reference of Claim Intimation Number in the absence of main claim documents)
          4. Copy of the Network Provider's Registration Certificate / Copy of Form C in case of Hospitalization
          5. Original Discharge Card / Day Care Summary / Transfer Summary
          6. Original final Hospital Bill with all original deposit and final payment receipt
          7. Original invoice with payment receipt and implant stickers for all implants used during surgeries i.e. invoice in Surgery, stent invoice and sticker
                in Angioplasty Surgery.
          8. All previous consultation papers indicating history and treatment details for current ailment
          9. All original diagnostic reports (including imaging and laboratory) along with Medical Practitioner's prescription and invoice / bill with receipt
                from diagnostic center
          10. All original medicine / pharmacy bills along with Medical Practitioner's prescription
          11. MLC / FIR Copy ­ in Accidental cases only
          12. Copy of Death Summary and copy of Death Certificate (in death claims only)
          13. Pre and Post-Operative Imaging reports ­ in Accidental cases only
          14. Copy of indoor case papers with nursing sheet detailing medical history of the patient, treatment details, and patient's progress (if available)
          15. KYC documents in accordance with the provisions of the regulations, circulars and guidelines issued by the IRDAI with respect to KYC from time
                to time.
          16. A valid ticket / proof of travel (such as Airline boarding pass) to the location the Insured Person is traveling as a bona fide passenger
                Note: For the following Claims, please notify the same at our call centre / website / E-Mail:
                · Health Assessment
                · HealthReturnsTM
                · Annual Health Check-up

          Refer Appendix A for the applicability of the benefits mentioned above.

                                                                                                                                                                                    Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
E.2.7.5 Claims Assessment & Repudiation
      a. At Our discretion, We may investigate claims to determine the validity of a claim. This investigation will be conducted within 15 days
          All costs of investigation will be borne by Us and all investigations will be carried out by those individuals / entities that are authorised by Us in writing. If
          there are any deficiencies in the necessary claim documents which are not met or are partially met, we will be sending communications to address the
          deficiency
      b. Payment for reimbursement claims will be made to You. In the unfortunate event of Your death, We will pay the Nominee named in the Policy
          Schedule or Your legal heirs or legal representatives holding a valid succession certificate.
          For details on the claims process or assistance during the process, You may contact the Us at Our call centre on the toll free number specified in
          the Policy Schedule or through the website. In addition, We will keep You informed of the claim status and explain requirement of documents. Such
          means of communication shall include but not be limited to mediums such as letters, email, SMS messages, and information on Our Website.

E.2.8. Policy Disputes                                                                                E.2.8 Simpler version*
Any dispute concerning the interpretation of the terms, conditions, limitations and / or exclusions   If there is a disagreement about what something
contained herein shall be governed by Indian law and shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the      in this document means, Indian law will be used to
Indian Courts.                                                                                        resolve it, and the matter will be decided in an
                                                                                                      Indian court
E.2.9. Premium through National Automated Clearing House (NACH) / Standing
Instruction (SI) provided that You may pay the premium through National Automated Clearing            E.2.10 Simpler version*
House (NACH) / Standing Instruction (SI) provided that:                                               This Policy is the entire agreement for insurance.
                                                                                                      Any changes to the Policy can only be made in
NACH / Standing Instruction Mandate form is completely filled & signed by You.                        writing and signed by us. Only we can change or
The Premium amount which would be auto debited & frequency of instalment is duly filled in the        modify this Policy.
mandate form.

New Mandate Form is required to be filled in case of any change in the Policy Terms and
Conditions whether or not leading to change in Premium.

You need to inform us at least 15 days prior to the due date of instalment premium if You wish to
discontinue with the NACH / Standing Instruction facility.

Non-payment of premium on due date as opted by You in the mandate form subject to an
additional renewal / revival period will lead to termination of the Policy

E.2.10. Alteration to the Policy
This Policy constitutes the complete contract of insurance. Any change in the Policy will only be
evidenced by a written endorsement signed and stamped by Us. No one except Us can change or
vary this Policy.

E.2.11. Zonal pricing
For the purpose of calculating premium, the country has been divided into the following 3

Zone 1 - Delhi NCR (includes Delhi, Baghpat, Bulandshahr, Gautam Buddha Nagar, Ghaziabad,
Hapur, Meerut, Muzaffarnagar, Shamli, Charkhi Dadri, Faridabad, Gurugram, Jhajjar, Jind, Karnal,
Mahendragarh, Nuh, Palwal, Panipat, Rewari, Bhiwani, Alwar, Bharatpur, Rohtak, Sonipat, any other
city defined by Govt.)
Mumbai Metropolis Area (including Mumbai suburban, Thane, Palghar, Raigad, any other city
defined by Govt.)
Gujarat State, Aligarh, Mathura
Zone 2: Kolkata, Pune, Hyderabad, Chennai, Chandigarh, Mohali, Panchkula, Lucknow, Patna
Zone 3: Rest of India

E.2.12. Assignment                                                                                    E.2.12 Simpler version*
The Policy can be assigned subject to applicable laws                                                 The Policy can be assigned under present
                                                                                                      regulations.
E.2.13. Arbitration clause
If any dispute or difference shall arise as to the quantum to be paid under this Policy (liability                Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
being otherwise admitted) such difference shall independent of all other questions be referred
to the decision of a sole arbitrator to be appointed in writing by the parties thereto, or if they
cannot agree upon a single arbitrator within 30 days of any party invoking arbitration, the same
shall be referred to a panel of three arbitrators, comprising of two arbitrators, one to be
appointed by each of the parties to the dispute / difference and the third arbitrator to be
appointed by such two Arbitrators who shall act as the presiding arbitrator and Arbitration shall
be conducted under and in accordance with the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation
Act, 1996 (as amended). It is clearly agreed and understood that no difference or dispute shall be
referable to arbitration, as hereinbefore provided, if the Company has disputed or not accepted
liability under or in respect of this Policy. It is hereby expressly stipulated and declared that it
shall be a condition precedent to any right of action or suit upon this Policy that the award by
such arbitrator / arbitrators of the amount of the loss or damage shall be first obtained.
E.2.14. Utilization of Sum Insured
The sequence of utilization of Sum Insured in this Policy, subject to the Optional Covers in force
under the Policy, will be as follows:

      a. Base Sum Insured followed by;
      b. Accumulated Super Credit (if inbuilt / opted and applicable) followed by;
      c. Super Reload followed by;
      d. Cancer Booster (if opted and applicable)

E.2.15. Endorsements                                                                                E.2.15 Simpler version*
This Policy constitutes the complete contract of insurance. This Policy cannot be modified by       This Policy is the whole agreement of insurance.
anyone (including an insurance agent or broker) except the Company. Any change or modification      No one, including an insurance agent or broker,
that the Company makes will be evidenced by a written endorsement signed and stamped by the         can change it except the Company. If the Company
Company.                                                                                            makes any changes, it will be in writing and signed
                                                                                                    by the Company
E.2.16. Communication & Notice
Policy and any communication related to the Policy shall be sent to through electronic modes or to  E.2.16 Simpler version*
the address of the following.                                                                       The Policy and related communication will be sent
                                                                                                    via electronic means or to the addresses
      a. The Policyholder's, at the address / E-Mail address specified in the Policy Schedule.      mentioned in the Policy Schedule. Only the
      b. To the Company, at the address specified in the Policy Schedule.                           Policyholder and the Company can receive notices,
      c. Insurance agents, brokers, other person or entity is / are not authorised to receive any   and no one else is authorized unless approved in
                                                                                                    writing by the Company
          notice on the behalf of the Company, unless stated in writing by the Company.

E.2.17. Instalment Premium payment through Auto Debit / ECS Facility
      a. If premium payment is opted for by instalments through auto debit / ECS facility, a
          separate authorization form shall be submitted by Insured Person specifying the
          frequency chosen for premium to be debited.
      b. Where there is a change either in the terms and conditions of the coverage or Policy
          or in the premium rate, the ECS authorization shall be obtained afresh.
      c. The Insured Person has the option to withdraw from the ECS mode at least fifteen
          days prior to the due date of instalment premium payable.
      d. No additional charges will be levied or recovered in any manner from the benefits
          payable towards cancellation of the ECS mode

E.2.18. Electronic Transactions                                                                     E.2.18. Simpler version*
The Policyholder and the Insured agree to adhere and comply with all such terms and conditions      Both You and Insured Person agree to follow our
of electronic transactions as We may prescribe from time to time, and hereby agrees and             rules for electronic transactions. They undestand
confirms that all transactions effected by or through facilities for conducting remote transac-     that transactions conducted online or through
tions including the internet, World Wide Web, electronic data interchange, call centres, tele-ser-  other electronic means will be legally valid if they
vice operations (whether voice, video, data or combination thereof) or by means of electronic,      comply with our terms and conditions. When
computer, automated machines network or through other means of telecommunication,                   purchasing insurance through electronic methods,
established by or on behalf of Us, for and in respect of the Policy or its terms, or Our other      all necessary information and disclosures will be
products and services, shall constitute legally binding and valid                                   provided to You. We will keep a record of consent,
transations when done in adherence to and in compliance with Our terms and conditions for           such as voice recordings, to ensure everything is
such facilities, as may be prescribed from time to time. Sales through such electronic transac-     properly documented and confirmed
tions shall ensure that all conditions of Section 41 of the Insurance Act, 1938 prescribed for the
proposal form and all necessary disclosures on terms and conditions and exclusions are made
known to the Policyholder. A voice recording in case of tele-sales or other evidence for sales
through the Internet shall be maintained and such consent shall be subsequently validated /
confirmed by the Policyholder.

E.2.19. Premium                                                                                     E.2.19. Simpler version*
The premium payable under this Policy shall be paid in accordance with the schedule of              Premium must be paid as per the agreed schedule
payments in the Policy Schedule agreed between the Policyholder and Us in writing. No receipt       in the Policy Schedule, using our official form
for premium shall be valid except on Our official form signed by Our duly authorized official. The  signed by our authorized official for valid receipts.
due payment of premium and realization thereof by Us and the observance and fulfilment of           Payment and adherence to Policy terms by the
the terms, provisions, conditions and endorsements of this Policy by the Insured Person in so far   insured are prerequisites for our liability to pay
as they relate to anything to be done or complied with by the Insured Person shall be a condition   under this Policy
precedent to Our liability to make any payment under this Policy

                                                                                                    Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
    Annexure I- List of Non-Medical Expenses
    Annexure II- Contact Details of Insurance Ombudsman offices
    Annexure III - Product Benefit Table
    Annexure IV ­ Applicability Matrix of Chronic Management Program for listed 7 Chronic conditions

*This is not a comprehensive list of amendments of Insurance Regulatory And Development Authority Of India (Health Insurance Regulations) 2016 and only a simpler version
prepared for general information to the policyholders for easy comprehension. Policy Holders are advised to refer to Original Regulations and subsequent amendments for complete
and accurate details. In the event of any inconsistency or interpretation issues vis-à-vis the original clause and its corresponding simpler version, the original clause shall prevail.

Aditya Birla Health Insurance Co. Limited                                                                                 Registered Office:

Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627                                                                 9th Floor, Tower1, One World Centre, Jupiter Mills Compound,
1800 270 7000 | care.healthinsurance@adityabirlacapital.com | www.adityabirlahealthinsurance.com                          841, Senapati Bapat Marg, Elphinstone Road, Mumbai 400013.
Trademark/Logo Aditya Birla Capital is owned by Aditya Birla Management Corporation Private Limited and                   CIN:U66000MH2015PLC263677
Trademark/logo HealthReturns, Healthy Heart Score and Active Day are owned by Momentum Metropolitan Life Limited          IRDA Registration No. 153
(Formerly known as MMI Group Limited). These trademark/Logos are being used by Aditya Birla Health Insurance Co. Limited
under licensed user agreement(s).
Activ One NXT
Appendix A

         Section C. Benefits Covered Under the Policy

Section C. Benefits Covered Under the Policy

Benefits under this Section are subject to the terms, conditions and exclusions of this Policy. Payment of claims under these Benefits shall be subject to the
availability of the Base Sum Insured and the overall Sum Insured as applicable to the Insured Person and as specified in the Policy Schedule.

The Benefits applicable, the Sum Insured limits, and Exclusions (including Waiting Periods) are as opted by You in the Proposal Form and as specified to be
in-force for the person(s) in the Policy Schedule. All the Benefits under this Section might not be applicable to the Insured Person(s), please refer to the
Policy Schedule for the list of Benefits applicable to You.

C.1 Hospitalization Treatment

C.1.1 In-Patient Treatment

The Company shall indemnify the Medical Expenses incurred for Hospitalization of the Insured Person during the Policy Period due to Illness or Inju , for one
or more of the following:

      a. Room Rent, boarding, nursing expenses as provided by the Hospital / Nursing Home.
      b. Intensive Care Unit (ICU) Charges / Intensive Cardiac Care Unit (ICCU) expenses.
      c. Surgeon, anaesthetist, Medical Practitioner, consultants, specialist's fees during Hospitalization and forming part of the Hospital bill.
      d. Investigative treatments and diagnostic procedures directly related to Hospitalization.
      e. Medicines and drugs prescribed in writing by Medical Practitioner.
      f. Intravenous fluids, blood transfusion, surgical appliances, allowable consumables and / or enteral feedings.
      g. Operation theatre charges.
      h. The cost of prosthetics and other devices or equipment, if implanted internally during Surge .

C.1.1.1 Other Expenses Covered

      a. Expenses incurred on road Ambulance (domestic only) if the Insured Person is required to be transferred to the nearest Hospital for Emergency Care
          or from one Hospital to another Hospital or from Hospital to Home following Hospitalization.

      b. Dental Treatment under Inpatient Care, medically necessitated due to Illness or Inju .
      c. Plastic Surge , medically necessitated due to Inju
      d. All Day Care Treatments.
      e. Expenses incurred by towards treatment taken by the Insured Person during In-patient Treatment under Section (C.1.1) or Day Care Treatment under

          Section (C.1.1.1.d) arising out of any of the below mentioned Indicative list of Modern Procedures / Treatments (Below mentioned list can be
          modified basis medical advancements and evolution).

Uterine Arte Embolization and  Immunotherapy - Monoclonal         Vaporisation of the Prostrate  Stem Cell Therapy: Hematopoietic Stem
HIFU (High intensity focused   Antibody to be given as injection  (Green laser treatment or      Cells for Bone Marrow Transplant for
ultrasound)                                                       holmium laser treatment)       Haematological Conditions

Balloon Sinuplasty             Oral Chemotherapy                  Robotic Surgeries              Stereotactic Radio Surgeries
Deep Brain Stimulation         Intra Vitreal Injections           Bronchial Thermoplasty
                                                                                                 IONM - (Intra Operative Neuro
                                                                                                 Monitoring)

      f. HIV / AIDS and STD Cover: Medical Expenses incurred towards treatment taken by the Insured Person during Hospitalization Treatment C.1 of the
          Insured Person arising out of condition caused by or associated with HIV or HIV related illnesses, including AIDS or AIDS related Complex (ARC)
          and / or any mutant derivative or variations there of or sexually transmitted diseases (STD) during the Policy Period.

      g. Mental Illness Hospitalization: Medical Expenses incurred towards treatment taken by the Insured Person during Hospitalization Treatment C.1 of
          the Insured Person during the Policy Period, arising out of a condition caused by or associated to medical illness, stress, anxiety, depression or a
          medical condition impacting mental health of the Insured.

      h. Obesity Treatment: Medical Expenses incurred towards treatment taken by the Insured Person during Hospitalization Treatment
          C.1 of the Insured Person arising out of Hospitalization for a Bariatric Surge during the Policy Period subject to the conditions that needs to be
          fulfilled as per Section D.1.6­ Standard Exclusions - Obesity / Weight Control (Code- Excl06).

Note:

      a. Expenses of Hospitalization for a minimum period of 24 consecutive hours only shall be admissible. However, the time limit shall not apply in
          respect of Day Care Treatments.

      b. The Hospitalization must be for Medically Necessa Treatment, and prescribed in writing by Medical Practitioner.

                                                                                                 Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
C.2 Pre-Hospitalization Expenses

The Company shall indemnify the Pre-Hospitalization Medical Expenses incurred, related to an admissible Hospitalization of the Insured Person under
Section C.1 (Hospitalization Treatment) or Section C.4 (Domicilia Hospitalization) or Section C.5 (Home Health Care) or Section C.6 (AYUSH Treatment)
for up to 90 days immediately prior to the date of such Hospitalization.

C.3 Post-Hospitalization Expenses

The Company shall indemnify the Post-Hospitalization Medical Expenses incurred, related to an admissible Hospitalization of the Insured Person under
Section C.1 (Hospitalization Treatment) or Section C.4 (Domicilia Hospitalization) or Section C.5 (Home Health Care) or Section C.6 (AYUSH Treatment)
for up to 180 days from the date of discharge from the Hospital.

C.4 Domicilia Hospitalization

The Company shall indemnify the Medical Expenses incurred during the Policy Period on Domicilia Hospitalization of the Insured Person due to Illness or
Inju provided that:

      a. Domicilia Hospitalization continues for at least 3 consecutive days.
      b. The condition of the Insured Person is such that he / she could not be removed / admitted to a Hospital.

          or,
          the Medically Necessa Treatment is taken at Home on account of non-availability of room in a Hospital of Home city.
          The Domicilia Hospitalization is prescribed in writing by treating Medical Practitioner

C.5 Home Health Care

The Company shall indemnify the Medical Expenses incurred towards the Insured Person availing Medically Necessa Treatment at Home during the Policy
Period, if prescribed in writing by the treating Medical Practitioner, provided that:

      a. The treatment in normal course would require In-Patient Care at a Hospital and be admissible under Section C.1 (Hospitalization Treatment).
      b. The treatment is pre-authorized by the Company as per procedure given under Claims Procedure - Section E.2.7.3.
      c. Records of the treatment administered, duly signed by the treating Medical Practitioner, are maintained for each day of the Home treatment.
      d. We do not assume any liability towards and shall not be responsible for any actual or alleged errors, omissions or representations made by any

          Medical Practitioner and / or Network Provider / Empanelled Service Provider or in any service under this Benefit or for any consequences of actions
          taken or not taken in reliance thereon.
      e. We do not assume any liability towards any additional or incidental charges / expenses, including but not limited to any charges towards breakage,
          damage, deposit for equipment, and equipment transportation. All such charges / expenses shall be borne by the Insured Person.
      f. The foregoing home treatment services are provided through Network Provider / Empanelled Service Provider in select cities for select treatment
          procedures only. Please contact Us or refer to Our website for updated list of treatment procedures and cities where home treatment service is
          provided.
      g. This Benefit requires pre-authorisation and is not available on reimbursement basis.

C.6 AYUSH Treatment

The Company shall indemnify the Medical Expenses incurred for Inpatient Care of the Insured Person under Ayurveda, Yoga and Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha
and Homeopathy systems of medicines during the Policy Period in any AYUSH Hospital or AYUSH Day Care Centre.

C.7 Organ Donor Expenses

The Company shall indemnify the Medical Expenses listed under Section C.1 (Hospitalization Treatment) which are incurred during the Policy Period towards
the organ donor's Hospitalization for harvesting of the donated organ where an Insured Person is the recipient, subject to the following conditions:

      a. The Organ donor is any person whose organ has been made available in accordance and in compliance with the Transplantation of Human Organs
          Act 1994, the Transplantation of Human Organ (amendment) Act, 2011, Transplantation of Human Organs and Tissues Rules, 2014 and other
          applicable laws and / or regulations, as amended from time to time.

      b. Recipient Insured Person's claim under Section C.1 (Hospitalization Treatment) is admissible under the Policy in relation to such organ transplant.
      c. Expenses listed below are excluded from this Cover:

          i. The organ donors Pre-Hospitalization Expenses and Post-Hospitalization Expenses.
          ii. Expenses related to organ transportation or preservation.
          iii. Any other Medical Expenses or Hospitalization of the organ donor consequent to the organ harvesting.

C.8 Super Reload

If the Base Sum Insured along with accumulated Super Credit (if applicable) for the Policy Year in respect of the Insured Person, is completely exhausted or
is insufficient for covering a claim, then We shall provide for a reload amounting to the Base Sum Insured ("Super Reload"), unlimited times during the Policy
Year, subject to the following conditions:

      a. A claim shall be admissible under this Benefit only if the claim is admissible under Section C.1(Hospitalization Treatment) or Section C.4
          (Domicilia Hospitalization) or Section C.5 (Home Health Care) or Section C.6 (AYUSH Treatment) or Section C.7 (Organ Donor Expenses) arising
          in that Policy Year for any or all Insured Person(s).

      b. The Super Reload shall become payable to the first claim in the life of the Policy (as may be specified in the Policy Schedule / Product
          Benefit Table) and shall be payable for all subsequent claims, subject always to the sequence of utilization of Sum Insured mentioned below.

      c. Our total, maximum liability under a single claim under this Benefit shall not be more than the Base Sum Insured.
      d. The Super Reload Sum Insured shall not be considered while calculating the accumulated amount of Super Credit.

The sequence of utilization of Sum Insured will be as below:
      a. Base Sum Insured followed by;
      b. Super Credit (if opted and applicable) followed by;
      c. Super Reload followed by;
      d. Cancer Booster (if opted and applicable)

                                                                                                                                                                                            Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
C.9 Health Management Program (In-built)

C.9.1 Health AssessmentTM

Under this Benefit, We will provide a Health Assessment of the Insured Person, which can be undertaken in two ways: Digital Health Assessment at home
under Section C.9.1.a (Digital Health Assessment (DHA)) or Physical Health Assessment at Our Network Providers / Empanelled Service Providers on a
Cashless Facility basis under Section C.9.1.b (Physical Health Assessment (HA)).

A er the results of the Health Assessment are received, a Healthy Heart Score (HHS) will be generated. The results will determine the general risk levels
categorised below:

      a. Green & Amber ­ Your body vitals are in a healthy / acceptable state, and you can begin doing your Activ Days to earn your HealthReturnsTM.
      b. Red ­ Your body vitals are not within the normally acceptable range and you are advised to undergo a regular Health Assessment at your nearest

          facility for a second round of screening and better health insight.

Note ­ Based on the Insured Person's age and clinical condition, We may advise You or the Insured Person for either availing the Digital Health Assessment
under Section C.9.1.a (Digital Health Assessment (DHA)) or Physical Health Assessment under Section C.9.1.b (Physical Health Assessment (HA)) option,
whichever is best suitable for You and the Insured Persons covered in Your Policy. The applicability and availability of the Digital Health Assessment will be
on sole discretion of the Company. The Company can decide to introduce any new technology in addition or in replacement to the Digital Health Assessment
or the Physical Health Assessment or both that can better evaluate the health condition of the Insured Persons(s) and generate a Healthy Heart ScoreTM.

C.9.1.a Digital Health Assessment (DHA):

      a. Digital Health Assessment generates a Healthy Heart ScoreTM which indicates your current heart health along with giving you vital health
          parameters like Blood Pressure, Heart Rate, BMI, Oxygen Saturation, and respiration rate, from the comfort of your home.

      b. Concept:
          Our system uses signal processing and AI technologies to predict body vitals through a face scan. We analyse pixel intensity changes on the skin
          using the noncontact rPPG (Remote Photo plethysmography) technique. No physical contact is needed, and you can conveniently check your body
          vitals at home with just a smartphone, laptop, or tablet and an internet connection.

      c. Steps to undergo Digital Health Assessment:

          i. Download and register on the Activ Health Mobile App or register on the ABHI Website.
          ii. Once logged in, Insured Persons eligible for Digital Health Assessment, will be able to see "Digital Health Assessment" on the Mobile App and

                Website under the "Book Digital Health Assessment" tab.
          iii. Answer simple questions related to your health.
          iv. Submit the response and proceed with a Face Scan.
          v. Provide a permission for your device camera access.
          vi. Start the Face Scan and maintain a steady posture.
          vii. During the "Calibration is in progress", make sure that your face is placed inside the circle shown on the screen.
          viii. Once calibration is completed, hold the position for at least 30-40 seconds to determine your body vitals. For better results, the surrounding

                light should be bright and consistent.
          ix. You can visit the reports section of the Mobile App / ABHI website, to view your assessment reports immediately.
          x. Your Healthy Heart Score (HHS) will be generated within an hour from the time of scan and will be valid for a year

      d. Each Insured Person can avail a Digital Health Assessment once in an active Policy Year. If your scan is unsuccessful due to a technical error,
          you will be asked to take a re-scan by a message alert on the screen.

      e. Healthy Heart Score (HHS) will be generated a er the assessment.

      Note - Digital Health Assessment is for screening purposes only and is not a substitute for the clinical judgment of a health care professional. It is
      intended to improve your awareness of general wellness. Digital Health Assessment does not diagnose, treat, mitigate or prevent any disease,
      symptom, disorder or abnormal physical state. Consult with a healthcare professional or contact emergency services if you believe you may have a
      medical issue.

      f. Eligibility for DHA: Digital Health Assessment is made eligible based on certain demographic and clinical criteria.

C.9.1.b Physical Health Assessment (HA):

Health AssessmentTM measures MER including BP, BMI, HWR and smoking status, Blood Sugar and Total Cholesterol. Charges for the same shall be borne
by Us once in a Policy Year. An appointment for the medical examination can be scheduled at a time convenient to the Insured Person by calling Our call
centre. All tests mentioned as a part of Health AssessmentTM shall be conducted together subject to below conditions:
If the Insured Person who has undergone tests under Annual Health Check-up (Section C.9), then those specific tests shall not be permitted to be repeated
under the Health Assessment in the same Policy Year.

C.9.2 HealthReturnsTM

An Insured Person can earn a percentage of the premium as HealthReturnsTM during the Policy Period by looking a er his / her health and being physically
active on a regular basis in the manner specified below.

How to Earn HealthReturnsTM

Earned by way of a percentage of Premium through Healthy Heart Score and Active Dayz

Step 1 ­ Complete Health questionnaire & Health AssessmentTM (applicable for each individual Insured Person)

This is not applicable for individuals that have undergone Pre-Policy Medical Examination before issuance of the Policy, for the first Policy Year.
      (i) The Insured Person must answer the online health questionnaire on our website or mobile application. If desired, we can assist the Insured Person
          in filling out the form over the phone. The answers to this questionnaire will help the Insured Person understand their current health status.
      (ii) Undergo a Health AssessmentTM (Section C.9.1):

                                                                                                                                                                                            Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
Based on the test results of completed Health AssessmentTM, we will determine the Insured Person's Healthy Heart ScoreTM. This score will be utilized to
categorize the Insured Person's heart health in comparison with the peers in same Age and gender for the purpose of this Benefit under Section C.9.2
(HealthReturnsTM).

      · Green: low risk of heart disease.

      · Amber: moderate risk of heart disease ­ intervention will be beneficial.

      · Red: high risk of heart disease ­ immediate intervention is required.

The Healthy Heart ScoreTM is valid for 12 months, and will automatically be updated based on latest available test result if another Health AssessmentTM is
completed.

If the Insured Person who has undergone tests under Annual Health Check-up (Section C.9), then those specific tests shall not be permitted to be repeated
under the Health Assessment in the same Policy Year.

Charges for Health AssessmentTM shall be borne by Us once a Policy Year. In case the Insured Person wants to undergo another Health AssessmentTM at Our
Network Providers / Empanelled Service Providers, he / she can do so by payment of requisite charges at the Network Providers / Empanelled Service
Providers.

Conditions
For Healthy Heart ScoreTM to be calculated the Health AssessmentTM (Section C.9.1) needs to be carried out at least once each Policy Year.

Step 2 ­ Earn Active DayzTM by being physically active on an ongoing basis

      (i) Active DayzTM encourages and recognises all types of exercise / fitness activities by making use of activity tracking apps, devices and visits to
          the fitness centre or yoga centres to track and record the activities members engage in.

      (ii) One Active DayzTM can be earned by:

          a. Completing a fitness centre or yoga centre activity for a minimum of 30 minutes at Our panel of fitness or yoga centers, OR;

          b. Recording 10,000 steps or more in a day for all Insured Persons Aged less than 60 years and 7,500 steps or more for all Insured Persons Aged
                60 years above (tracked through Our mobile application or a wearable device linked to the Policy number) OR;

          c. Burning 300 calories or more in one exercise session per day OR;

          d. Participation in a recognized marathon / walkathon / cyclothon or a similar activity which offers a completion certificate with timing.

      (iii) To make it easier for the Insured Person to earn HealthReturnsTM, We also provide two fitness assessments per Policy Year at Our Network Providers
          / Empanelled Service Providers on a Cashless Facility basis. These fitness assessments will measure the Insured Person's cardiovascular endurance,
          flexibility, strength, height to weight ratio and body fat percentage. The Insured Person will receive fitness assessment results based on his / her
          measurements.

      (iv) The fitness assessment results will be valid for six months and the best of the fitness assessment result and number of Active DayzTM will be used
          in each month to calculate HealthReturnsTM.

`Active Dayz' can be earned by undertaking any one of the four activities under point (ii) or `Fitness Assessment' under point (iii).

Step 3 Calculation Methodology of HealthReturnsTM
The Insured Person shall earn HealthReturnsTM based on the Healthy Heart ScoreTM, the fitness assessment result and the number of Active DayzTM recorded.
HealthReturnsTM is accrued monthly according to the following grid.

Name of Active DayzTM in a                                        Healthy Heart ScoreTM
calender month
13 or more                  OR  Fitness Assessment Result*
10-12
7-9                                                         Red   Amber                  Green
4-6
0-3                             Level 5                     6.0%  12%                    30%

                                Level 4                     3.6%  7.2%                   18%

                                Level 3                     2.4%  4.8%                   12%

                                Level 2                     1.2%  2.4%                   6%

                                Level 1                     0%    0%                     0%

*The grid above is calculated on the Monthly Premium. The Insured Person can earn up to 30% of their Monthly Premium as HealthReturnsTM based on the
grid above.

In addition to the monthly earning slabs, the Insured Person will earn extra HealthReturnsTM based on their Healthy Heart ScoreTM and the number of Active
DayzTM recorded. These additional earnings will be determined by below given grid that considers the number of Active DayzTM achieved on a yearly basis. It's
important to note that the Fitness Assessment Results will not be considered for earning the annual slabs mentioned below.

The mentioned slabs below are separate from the monthly slabs and are independent. For example, if an Insured Person has a Healthy Heart ScoreTM and
accomplishes 13 days or more eve month in a Policy Year, along with achieving at least 325 Active DayzTM in the same Policy Year, they will be rewarded
with 100% HealthReturnsTM. This includes 30% accumulated eve month, 20% for achieving 275 Active Dayz, and 50% for achieving 325 Active Dayz.

                                                                  Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
No of Active DayzTM in a year  Red                  Healthy Heart ScoreTM                Green
                               4.0%                           Amber                      20.0%
275                            10.0%                          8.0%                       50.0%
325                                                           20.0%

How it works for an Individual Policy

In case of an Individual Policy, each Insured Person would be tracked separately and shall earn HealthReturnsTM based on individual performance as per grid
of Healthy Heart ScoreTM and Active dayzTM. The following relations upto Age of 25 years shall not be eligible for earning HealthReturnsTM namely son, daugh-
ter, brother, sister, grandson, granddaughter, brother-in-law, sister-in-law, nephew, niece.

How it works for a Family Floater Policy

In case of a Family Floater Policy, each Insured Person would be tracked separately and shall earn HealthReturnsTM based on individual performance as per
grid of Healthy Heart ScoreTM and Active dayzTM. For the purpose of calculating HealthReturnsTM, We will allocate the overall premium to the adults in the
Policy.

Dependent Children upto 25 years of Age shall not eligible for HealthReturnsTM.

Family size                                         Weightage
Self , Spouse and Dependent Children (upto 25 yrs)  1:1:0:0
Self and Spouse                                     1:1

Earned HealthReturnsTM can be utilized by any covered Insured Person under a Policy.

How can one spend HealthReturnsTM:

Reward amounts under HealthReturnsTM may be utilized by an Insured Person towards the following expenses, up to the value of the rewards accrued under
this Benefit:

      i. In-Patient Medical Expenses provided that the Base Sum Insured, accumulated Super Credit (if any), Super Reload of Base Sum Insured and Cancer
          Booster (if opted and applicable) are exhausted during the Policy Year.

      ii. Payment of Deductible (if opted), wherever applicable.

      iii. For Non-Payable Claims, In case of an In-Patient Hospitalization.

      iv. Expenses for OPD Treatment up to the value of rewards accrued.

      v. AYUSH Treatments in excess of the limits as specified in Policy Schedule / Product Benefit Table of this Policy.

      vi. For expenses towards buying any health wearable device which can be used to track steps and Active DayzTM.

Reimbursement claims for (v) and (vi) can be submitted quarterly in a Policy Year.

Alternatively, reward amounts can also be utilized towards the payment of Renewal Premium or payment of premium for any retail policy / rider with Us
(new or renewal). Reward amounts earned as HealthReturnsTM, cannot be car forwarded if not utilized in available options to next months.

If HealthReturnsTM earned is not utilized during the Policy Year, by default it will be automatically adjusted to pay Renewal premium of this Policy& prior to
the due date for payment for Renewal premium in accordance with the table below

&100% HealthReturnsTM = 100% Base cover premium + Optional cover premium (if opted and also applicable^ under HealthReturnsTM of immediately
preceding Policy Year).

Optional Covers                                                                          HealthReturnsTM Applicability
Reduction in Specific Disease Waiting Period: 2 years to 1 year                                            Yes
Reduction in Pre-Existing Disease Waiting Period                                                           Yes
Claims Protect                                                                                             No
Room Rent Type Options                                                                                     Yes
Per Claim Deductible                                                                                       Yes
Preferred Provider Network (PPN) Discount                                                                  Yes
Critical Illness cover [Initial Waiting Period - 60 Days and Survival Period - 15 Days]                    No

                                                                                         Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
Personal Accident Cover -AD+PTD+PPD                     No

Super Credit                                            Yes

Chronic Care (Day 1 In-Patient Hospitalization)         Yes

Chronic Management Program (OPD)                        No

Cancer Booster                                          Yes

Durable Equipment Cover                                 Yes

Compassionate Visit                                     No

Second Medical Opinion for Listed Major Illness         No

Annual Screening Package for Cancer Diagnosed Patients  No

Annual Health Check up                                  No

Permanent Exclusions and Waiting Periods do not apply under this Benefit.

The claim for accumulated HealthReturnsTM can be made a maximum 4 times in a Policy Year. If You / Insured Person wish to know the present value of the
funds earned as HealthReturnsTM, then You may contact Us at our toll-free number or through Our website or through our mobile application.

C.10 Optional Covers (Please refer the Policy Schedule for applicability of Optional Covers)

The Benefits listed below are Optional Covers and shall be available to Insured Person only if the additional premium has been received or reduction in the
Premium as applicable and the specific Benefit is specified to be in force for the Insured Person in the Policy Schedule of this Policy. Claims made under
these Benefits will impact the Sum Insured and the overall Sum Insured, as applicable to the Insured Person and as specified in the Policy Schedule.

C.10.1 Reduction in Specific Disease Waiting Period

On availing this optional Cover, at the inception of the first policy with Us We shall reduce the applicable Specific Disease Waiting Period under Section D
for claims related to such specified Illness / procedure to 1 Year.

This benefit can only be opted at the time of inception of the first policy with Us and only for the Sum Insured originally opted at such inception.

The provisions of Section D continue to be valid in relation to this Section C.10.1(Reduction in Specific Disease Waiting Period) except that the claims will
be admissible for any Medical Expenses incurred for Hospitalization in respect of diagnosis / treatment of any such specified Illness / procedure a er one
year, as applicable and specified in the Policy Schedule, if covered with Us since the inception of the first Policy with Us without any Break in Policy.

C.10.2 Reduction in Pre-Existing Disease Waiting Period

On availing this Optional Cover, at the inception of the first policy with Us, then We shall reduce the applicable Pre-Existing Disease Waiting Period under
Section D for claims related to any Pre-Existing Disease specified in the Policy Schedule, to a specified number of years as mentioned in the Policy Schedule.

This Optional Cover can only be opted at the time of inception of the first policy with Us and only for the Sum Insured originally opted at such inception.

The provisions of Section D and definitions (Including Section B.1.51 (Pre-Existing Disease (PED)), continue to be valid in relation to this Optional Cover
except that the claims will be admissible for any Medical Expenses incurred for Hospitalization in respect of diagnosis / treatment of any Pre-Existing
Disease a er specified number of years, as applicable and mentioned in the Policy Schedule, if covered with Us since the inception of the first Policy with
Us without any Break in Policy.

C.10.3 Claim Protect (Non-Medical Expense Waiver)

On availing this Optional Cover, the Company shall indemnify the Non-Medical Expenses listed under Annexure I (all 4 lists) to this Policy incurred in relation
to a claim admissible for Hospitalization of the Insured Person under Section C.1 (Hospitalization Treatment) or Section C.4 (Domicilia Hospitalization) or
Section C.5 (Home Health Care) or Section C.6 (AYUSH Treatment) or Section C.7 (Organ Donor Expenses) during the Policy Period.

Exclusion 11. Excluded Providers: (Code- Excl11) of Section D.1. shall not apply to this Cover.

C.10.4 Room Rent Type Options

On availing this Optional Cover, the Insured Person shall be eligible to modify the room type catego eligibility as specified in the Policy Schedule / Product
Benefit Table of the Policy.

C.10.5 Per Claim Deductible

On availing this Optional Cover, the Deductible specified in the Policy Schedule shall be applicable for each and eve admissible claim made under this
Policy, and the Insured Person shall bear on his / her own account an amount equal to the opted Deductible subject to below conditions:

      i. Our liability to make payment under the Policy in respect of any claim made in the Policy Year will only commence once the Deductible has been
          exhausted.

      ii. You may opt for Deductible only at inception of first policy with Us under this product and cannot be discontinued at subsequent Renewals.
      iii. A Deductible does not reduce the available Sum Insured.

                                                        Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
C.10.6 Preferred Provider Network (PPN) Discount

On availing this Optional Cover, the Policyholder will be entitled for a discount of 10% on the premium payable subject to below conditions:
      i. If the Insured Person takes treatment as applicable under Section C in a Hospital other than those listed as "Preferred Provider Network", then the
          Policyholder / Insured Person shall bear a Co-Payment of 10% on each and eve claim arising in such regard.
      ii. The updated list of Hospitals listed as "Preferred Provider Network" can be referred to on Our website.

C.10.7 Critical Illness cover
On availing this Optional Cover, if the Insured Person suffers from a Critical Illness of the nature as specified in this Section during the Policy Period and while
the Policy is in force, then We shall pay the Sum Insured as mentioned in the Policy Schedule / Product Benefit Table for that Critical Illness a er completion
of 60 days from the Commencement Date and provided that the Critical Illness is first diagnosed or first manifests itself during the Policy Period as a first
incidence.

List of Critical Illnesses as Applicable:

Sr No  Illnesses
   1   CANCER OF SPECIFIED SEVERITY
   2   MYOCARDIAL INFARCTION (FIRST HEART ATTACK OF SPECIFIC SEVERITY)
   3   OPEN CHEST CABG
   4   OPEN HEART REPLACEMENT OR REPAIR OF HEART VALVES
   5   KIDNEY FAILURE REQUIRING REGULAR DIALYSIS
   6   STROKE RESULTING IN PERMANENT SYMPTOMS
   7   MAJOR ORGAN / BONE MARROW TRANSPLANT
   8   PERMANENT PARALYSIS OF LIMBS
   9   MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS WITH PERSISTING SYMPTOMS
  10   COMA OF SPECIFIED SEVERITY
  11   MOTOR NEURON DISEASE WITH PERMANENT SYMPTOMS
  12   THIRD DEGREE BURNS
  13   DEAFNESS
  14   LOSS OF SPEECH
  15   APLASTIC ANAEMIA
  16   END STAGE LIVER FAILURE
  17   END STAGE LUNG FAILURE
  18   BACTERIAL MENINGITIS
  19   FULMINANT HEPATITIS
  20   MUSCULAR DYSTROPHY

Conditions
      i. Our total, cumulative, maximum liability during the lifetime of the Insured Person is upto the limit specified in the Policy Schedule.
      ii. Once a claim for a listed condition is admissible in respect of an Insured Person, no further Renewals shall be allowed for that Insured Person under
          this Benefit.

Survival Period: The payment of a Benefit under Section shall be subject to survival of the Insured Person for 15 days following the first diagnosis of the
Critical Illness / undergoing the Surgical Procedure for the first time.

Initial Waiting Period ­ 60 Days

C.10.8 Personal Accident Cover

On availing this Optional Cover, We will pay the amount specified in the Policy Schedule as a lumpsum pay out in case of Section 10.8.a (Accidental Death),
Section 10.8.b (Permanent Total Disablement) and Section 10.8.c (Permanent Partial Disablement) up to the limit specified in the Policy Schedule.

C.10.8.a Accidental Death (AD)
On availing this Optional Cover, in the event of unfortunate demise of the Insured Person solely and directly due to an Accident which occurs during the
Policy Period, We will pay the Sum Insured within 365 days from the date of the Accident.

The Personal Accident Cover will terminate a er the Accidental Death benefit is paid for.

                                                                        Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
C.10.8.b Permanent Total Disability (PTD)
On availing this Optional Cover, if the Insured Person suffers Permanent Total Disability of the nature as specified in the table below, solely and directly due
to an Accident, which occurs during the Policy Period We will pay the Sum Insured within 365 days from the date of the Accident:

Sr No.  Type of Permanent Total Disablement
   1    Total and irrecoverable loss of sight of both eyes.
   2    Loss by physical separation or total and permanent loss of use of both hands or both feet.
   3    Loss by physical separation or total and permanent loss of use of one hand and one foot.
   4    Total and irrecoverable loss of sight of one eye and loss of a Limb.
   5    Total and irrecoverable loss of hearing of both ears and loss of one Limb / loss of sight of one eye.
   6    Total and irrecoverable loss of hearing of both ears and loss of speech.
   7    Total and irrecoverable loss of speech and loss of one Limb / loss of sight of one eye.
   8    Permanent total and absolute disablement (not falling under the above) disabling the Insured Person from
        engaging in any employment or occupation or business for remuneration or profit, of any description whatsoever
        which results in Loss of Independent Living.

Total and irrecoverable loss of limb means physical separation or complete loss of functionality of the limb, within 365 days from the date of the Accident.
This will include Paralysis including Paraplegia, Quadriplegia with loss of functional use of limb.

For the purpose of this Benefit:
      · Limb means a hand at or above the wrist or a foot above the ankle;
      · Physical separation of one hand or foot means separation at or above wrist and/or at or above ankle, respectively.

The Personal Accident Cover will terminate a er the Permanent Total Disability benefit is paid for.

C.10.8.c Permanent Partial Disability (PPD)

On availing this Optional Cover, if the Insured Person suffers a Permanent Partial Disability of the nature as specified in the table below, solely and directly
due to an Accident, which occurs within the Policy Period, We will pay a percentage of the Sum Insured as per the below table:

Sr No   Loss Covered                                Percentage of Sum Insured
   1    Loss of Use / Physical Separation:
        One entire hand                                            50%
   2    One entire foot                                            50%
   3    Loss of Sight of one eye                                   50%
   4    Loss of toes ­ all                                         20%
   5    Great both phalanges                                       5%
   6    Great ­ one phalanx                                        2%
        Other than great if more than one toe lost                 1%
   7    Loss of Use of both ears                                   50%
        Loss of Use of one ear                                     20%
   8    Loss of four fingers and thumb of one hand                 40%
        Loss of four fingers                                       35%
        Loss of thumb
        both phalanges                                             25%
        -one phalanx                                               10%

        Loss of Index finger                                       1o%
        three phalanges                                            8%
        two phalanges                                              4%
        one phalanx
                                                                   6%
        Loss of middle finger                                      4%
        three phalanges                                            2%
        two phalanges
        one phalanx

                                                    Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
9   Loss of ring finger

    three phalanges                                                                 5%
                                                                                    4%
    two phalanges                                                                   2%

    one phalanx                                                                     4%
                                                                                    3%
10  Loss of little finger                                                           2%

    three phalanges                                                                 3%
                                                                                    2%
    two phalanges                            Percentage as assessed by the independent Medical Practitioner

    one phalanx

11  Loss of metacarpus

    first or second (additional)

    third, fourth or fi h (additional)

12  Any other permanent partial disablement

If any loss in the nature of a Permanent Partial Disability is not specifically mentioned in the table above, then We will internally assess the degree of
disablement and determine the amount of payment to be made as per Our sole and absolute discretion.

If there is more than one Permanent Partial Disability, then the total claim amount put together for all losses will not exceed the total Sum Insured specified
in the Policy Schedule under this Optional Cover Section C.10.8 (Personal Accident Cover). and once such amount is paid for an Insured Person, no further
Renewals shall be allowed for that Insured Person under this Optional Cover Section C.10.8.c (Permanent Partial Disability (PPD)).

C.10.9 Super Credit

On availing this Optional Cover, an additional limit under the current Policy Year ("Super Credit") will be applied / increased by a fixed percentage of the Base
Sum Insured of immediately preceding Policy Year irrespective of any claims in previous Policy Year, provided the Policy is renewed with the Company without
a break, subject to maximum cap as specified in the Policy Schedule against this Benefit.

      i. In case where the Policy is on individual basis as specified in the Policy Schedule, the Super Credit shall be added and available individually to the
          Insured Person.

      ii. In case where the Policy is on floater basis, the Super Credit shall be added and will be available to the family on floater basis.
      iii. Super Credit shall be available only if the Policy is renewed / premium paid within the Grace Period or before.
      iv. If the Insured Persons in the expiring Policy are covered on an individual basis as specified in the Policy Schedule and there is an accumulated Super

          Credit for such Insured Persons under the expiring Policy, and such expiring Policy has been renewed on a floater basis then the Super Credit to be
          carried forward for credit in such Policy and shall be the lowest one that is applicable among all the Insured Persons.
      v. In case of floater policies where the Insured Persons renew their expiring Policy by splitting the Base Sum Insured in to two or more floater
          policies / individual policies or in cases where the Policy is split due to the child attaining the maximum permissible age, the Super Credit of the
          expiring Policy shall be apportioned to such renewed policies in the proportion of the Base Sum Insured of each renewed Policy.
      vi. If the Base Sum Insured has been reduced at the time of Renewal, the applicable Super Credit shall be reduced in the same proportion to the Base
          Sum Insured in current Policy.
      vii. If the Base Sum Insured under the Policy has been increased at the time of Renewal, the Super Credit shall be calculated on the Sum Insured of the
          last completed Policy Year.

C.10.10 Chronic Care (Day 1 In-patient Hospitalization)

On availing this Optional Cover, We shall indemnify the Medical Expenses incurred related to an admissible Hospitalization of the Insured Person under
Section C.1 (Hospitalization Treatment) due to the chronic condition(s) listed below (at section C.10.10.4) from Day 1 of coverage, where any of the
following scenarios / situations are fulfilled, as applicable:

C.10.10.1 If at the inception of the first Policy with Us the Insured Person is covered for one or more chronic condition(s) listed below (at section C.10.10.4)
and where We have accepted coverage of the same.

C.10.10.2 If the Insured Person has undergone a Pre-Policy medical examination carried out before the Commencement Date of the Policy, as follows:

1. Based on declarations and / or reports of the Pre-Policy medical examination, if the Insured Person is found to be suffering from one or more chronic
conditions listed below (at section C.10.10.4) then the Insured Person will be covered from Day 1, i.e. the Commencement Date of the Policy.

2. In case the results of the Pre-Policy medical examination indicate that the Insured Person does not have any such chronic conditions listed below (at
section C.10.10.4) but later develops any of such conditions anytime during the Policy Period or post subsequent Renewals then it will be covered from Day
1 of date of development of any such chronic condition, provided that the Policy has been Renewed with Us continuously and without any Break In Policy.

For the sake of clarity, in case the results of the Pre-Policy medical examination indicate that the Insured Person does not have any such chronic conditions
listed below (at section C.10.10) but gets detected with other medical conditions, then coverage shall follow the general underwriting guidelines as specified
in the Company's internal underwriting Board policy and relevant underwriting guidelines.

                                             Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
C.10.10.3. If the Insured Person chooses to undergo a Health Assessment or Annual Health Check ­carried out post the Commencement Date of this Policy,
as follows:

1. If the Insured Person did not undergo a Pre-Policy medical examination but undergoes a Health AssessmentTM or Section C.10.17 (Annual Health
check-up) within 3 months of the Commencement Date of this Policy and the results indicate that the Insured Person suffers from any of the chronic
conditions listed below (at section C.10.10.4), then the Insured Person shall be entitled to avail this Benefit and be covered from Day 1, ie, the Commence-
ment Date of the Policy, provided that the detected chronic condition was not a Pre-Existing Disease. No additional premium shall be required to commence
coverage this Benefit, despite the condition being discovered during the Policy Period.

The foregoing eligibility conditions except C.10.10.2 shall also be applicable in case of Portability cases, where the Insured Person has not undergone Pre-
Policy medical examination.

Conditions applicable to each of the foregoing scenarios / situations:
1) Chronic offering in case an Insured Person suffers from a combination of chronic conditions: If the Insured Person is suffering from more than one of the
chronic conditions (C.10.10.1) at the inception of the Policy, then the Insured Person will be charged as per applicable premium grid depending on the
number of Chronic conditions such Insured Person is suffering from.

2) When an Insured Person purchases a Policy where he / she is suffering from an existing chronic condition, then he / she mandatorily will have to buy the
Policy as per applicable premium grid and loading (as applicable) for such condition.

3) Deletion of coverage under this Benefit for such condition shall not be allowed on subsequent Renewals of the Policy.

Exclusion no D.1.1 ­ Pre-Existing Diseases (Code- Excl01) and Exclusion no D.1.3 ­ 30-day Waiting Period (Code- Excl03) shall not apply to the extent of
application of this Benefit.

C.10.10.4 The chronic conditions listed below are covered under the foregoing Benefit, subject to the terms and conditions set out above. For
ease of understanding, the broad definitions of such chronic conditions are also set out below:

Asthma is a Chronic condition that affects the airways (bronchi) of the lungs, causing them to constrict (become narrow) when exposed to certain triggers
which results in the symptoms of wheezing, coughing, tight chest and shortness of breath.

Hypertension is the term used to describe a persistent elevated blood pressure, commonly referred to as high blood pressure, and if this chronic disease is
not treated appropriately, is a major risk factor for heart disease, stroke, kidney disease and even eye diseases.

Hyperlipidaemia is a chronic disease that refers to an elevated level of lipids (fats), including cholesterol and triglycerides, in the blood and if not treated
appropriately, it is a major risk factor for increased risks of heart disease, heart attacks, strokes and other incidents of disease.

Diabetes mellitus is a chronic, progressive disease in which impaired insulin production leads to high blood glucose (sugar) levels, and without good
self-management and proper treatment, the increased glucose (sugar) in the blood affects and damages eve organ in the body, which causes serious health
consequences.

Chronic Obstructive Pulmona Disease (COPD) which includes chronic bronchitis and emphysema, is a long-term lung disease that causes progressive
permanent damage to Lung leading to airway related symptoms.

Obesity where Obesity means abnormal or excessive fat accumulation that presents risk to the health (Body Mass Index i.e. BMI is less than or equal to
39.99).

Corona Arte Disease with PTCA done prior to 1 year:

      i. Corona arte disease is the buildup of lipid-rich plaque in the arteries that supply oxygen-rich blood to the heart. Plaque causes a narrowing or
          blockage that could result in a heart attack.

      ii. PTCA (Corona Angioplasty) is defined as percutaneous corona intervention by way of balloon angioplasty with or without stenting for treatment
          of the narrowing or blockage of minimum 50 % of one or more major corona arteries. The intervention must be determined to be medically neces
          sa by a cardiologist and supported by a corona angiogram (CAG).

      iii. Corona arteries herein refer to le main stem, le anterior descending, circumflex and right corona arte .
      iv. Diagnostic angiography or investigation procedures without angioplasty / stent insertion are excluded from the scope of this definition.

C.10.11 Chronic Management Program (OPD)

On availing this Optional Cover, Insured Person(s) who is aged 18 years and above will be entitled to avail access to a fixed number of (i) Medical
Practitioner's consultations and (ii) diagnostic tests, for any declared chronic conditions listed above (refer section C.10.10.4) and as specified in the Policy
Schedule. For details of the applicability and number of consultations / tests available to the Insured Person, please refer Annexure IV of this Policy$.

These services can be availed at our Network Providers and Empanelled Service Providers (such as outpatient clinics or physicians / diagnostic centres) for
chronic conditions listed above, with a Cashless Facility basis only.

The list of Network Providers and Empanelled Service Providers will be updated from time to time, and can be obtained from Our website or by calling Our
call centre. We will assist in scheduling appointments for consultations and diagnostic tests at a time convenient to the Insured Person. Alternatively, the
Insured Person may also schedule his / her own appointment themselves by contacting the Network Provider, subject to the availability of such consultations
and diagnostic tests per Annexure IV of this Policy.

Conditions

      i. To avail Cashless Facility benefits under this Benefit, the Insured Person is required to car the health identification card issued by Us along with a
          valid identity proof.

      ii. We shall retain a copy of the Insured Person's medical reports generated under this Benefit, subject to receipt of Your consent at the time of
          enrolment into the Chronic Management Program (OPD) under this Benefit, and a copy of such medical check-up reports shall be sent to You upon
          Your request.

Commencement of the Chronic Management Program under this Benefit, in case of any new chronic condition covered under the Policy suffered by
the Insured Person(s), shall be effective only at the subsequent Policy Anniversa , only if the Policy has been Renewed continuously with Us without
any Break In Policy.

                                                                                                                                                                                            Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
$Annexure IV ­ Applicability Matrix of Chronic Management Program for listed and defined 7 Chronic conditions (refer Section C.10.10.4)

C.10.12 Cancer Booster

On availing this Optional Cover, an additional amount as specified in the Policy Schedule / Product Benefit table will be available to the Insured Person as
Sum Insured for Medical Expenses incurred in relation to an admissible Hospitalization of the Insured Person or "Cancer of Specified Severity" as defined in
Section B (Definitions), provided such claim is admissible under Section C during the Policy Period Year.

Conditions:
      i. Multiple claims during the Policy Year are payable under this Optional Cover, but upto the Base Sum insured. Such Base Sum Insured is available
          only once during the Policy Year.
      ii. In addition to the foregoing, the conditions stipulated under the In-patient Hospitalization Treatment Benefit (Section C.1) shall be applicable.
      iii. This Benefit shall be renewed life long and the Company shall not deny Renewal based on claims experience in the previous Policy Year.
      iv. Expenses can be claimed under this Optional Cover on a reimbursement basis only.

      For avoidance of doubt, the sequence of utilization of Sum Insured will be as below:
      a. Base Sum Insured followed by;
      b. Super Credit (if opted and applicable) followed by;
      c. Super Reload followed by;
      d. Cancer Booster (if opted and applicable)

      For the purpose of this Benefit, Cancer of Specified Severity is defined in Section B (Definitions).

C.10.13 Durable Medical Equipment Cover

On availing this Optional Cover, We shall reimburse the expenses towards the cost of buying or renting any of "Durable Medical Equipment" as listed below,
up to the overall limit specified in the Policy Schedule / Product Benefit Table, provided the same is prescribed to the Insured Person by the treating Medical
Practitioner, during or a er an admissible Hospitalization for a Medically Necessa treatment.

Conditions:

      1 The expenses incurred must be related to an admissible Hospitalization of the Insured Person under Section C.1 (Hospitalization Treatment) or
          Section C.4 (Domicilia Hospitalization) or Section C.5 (Home Health Care)

      2 The need for Durable Medical Equipment is prescribed by an authorised Medical Practitioner during Hospitalization or within 30 days post discharge
          of the Insured Person from the Hospital.

      3 Any purchase / renting of the Durable Medical Equipment should be done within 30 days of such recommendation.
      4 Any Exclusion under the Policy with respect to any of the above listed Durable Medical Equipment shall not be applicable for this Optional Cover.
      5 Any claim made under this cover will reduce the Sum Insured of the Underlying Policy.
      6 List of Durable equipment covered:

          i. Ventilator
          ii. Wheelchair
          iii. Prosthetic device
          iv. Suction Machine
          v. Commode Chairs
          vi. Infusion pump
          vii. Continuous Passive motion devices in case of Knee Replacement
          viii. Oxygen concentrator

For the purpose of this cover, a Prosthetic device means an externally applied device used to replace wholly or partly an absent or deficient body part (limited
to arm or leg or audito system).

C.10.14 Compassionate Visit

On availing this Optional Cover , in the event of Hospitalization of the Insured Person exceeding 10 days in relation to a claim admissible under Section C.1
­Hospitalization Treatment during the Policy Period Year, the cost of two way economy class air ticket or travel fare up to maximum of INR 50,000/- as
specified in Policy Schedule, incurred by the Insured Persons "immediate family member" while travelling to place of Hospitalization from the place of origin
/ Home and back will be reimbursed.

"Immediate family member" would mean spouse / live-in partner, children, and dependent parent / parent-in-law.

Conditions:

      i. This benefit is applicable in the event of the Insured Person Being Hospitalized at a place away from his usual place of Home as mentioned in Policy
          Schedule.

      ii. This benefit is available for only one Immediate Family Member
      iii. The benefit will be available per hospitalization basis only once, the benefit amount will reduce the Sum Insured and will be available only on

          reimbursement basis
      iv. The Benefit under this Optional Cover can be availed by an Insured Person only once in a Policy Year, and shall be available for each Insured Person

          in case the Policy is issued on a floater basis.

C.10.15 Second Medical Opinion for listed Major Illness

On availing this Optional Cover, We shall indemnify the expenses incurred towards Second Medical Opinion for the Insured Person for any Major Illness as
specifically listed below and defined under Section B (Definitions), if availed from a Medical Practitioner through the Network Provider, subject to the follow-
ing conditions:

      i. Benefit under this Optional Cover shall be subject to the eligible geography of the Network Provider. The Insured Person may contact the Company
          or refer to its website for details on eligible Network Provider(s).

                                                                                                                                                                                            Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
ii. The Benefit under this Optional Cover can be availed by an Insured Person only once in a Policy Year, and shall be available for each Insured Person
    in case the Policy is issued on a floater basis.

iii. The Insured Person is free to choose whether or not to obtain the Second Medical Opinion, and if obtained, it is the Insured Person's sole and
    absolute discretion to follow the suggestion for any advice related to his / her health. It is understood and agreed that any information and documen
    tation provided to the Company for the purpose of seeking the Second Medical Opinion shall be shared with the Network Providers.

iv. Availing this Optional Cover shall not have any impact on the Sum Insured.

Note - Second Medical Opinion Services are being offered by Network Providers through its portal / mail / mobile application or any other electronic form
to the Policyholders / Insured Person. In no event shall the Company be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, or consequential damages
or any other damages whatsoever caused to the Policyholders / Insured Person while receiving the services from Network Providers or arising out of or in
relation to any opinion, advice, prescription, actual or alleged errors, omissions and representations made by the Network Provider or treating Medical Practi-
tioner.

List of Major Illnesses as Applicable:

Sr No.  Major Illness

1       Cancer Treatment

2       Corona Arte By-Pass Surge

3       Heart Valve Replacement

4       Lung Transplant Surge in case of End Stage Lung Disease

5       Kidney Transplant Surge in case of End Stage Renal Failure

6       Liver Transplant Surge in case of End Stage Liver Disease

7       Heart Transplant

8       Cardiac arrest (excluding angioplasty)

9       Bone Marrow Transplant

10      Neurosurge

11      Surgical Treatment for benign Brain Tumour

12      Pulmona Arte Gra Surge

13      Aorta Gra Surge

14      Surgical Treatment for Stroke

15      Surgical Treatment of Coma

16      Skin Gra ing Surge for Major Burns

17      Surge for Pheochromocytoma

18      Permanent Paralysis of Limbs

19      Motor Neuron Disease with Permanent Symptoms

20      Multiple Sclerosis with Persisting Symptoms

21      Fulminant Viral Hepatitis

22      Bacterial meningitis

23      Alzheimer's Disease

24      Cerebral aneu sm - with surge or radiotherapy

25      Parkinson's disease - resulting in permanent symptoms

26      Pneumonectomy - Removal of an entire lung

27      Surgical removal of an eyeball

C.10.16 Annual Screening Package for Cancer Diagnosed Patients

On availing this Optional Cover, We shall reimburse the Medical Expenses incurred up to the limit specified in the Policy Schedule / Product Benefit Table
for an Annual Screening Package for the Insured Person(s) subject to below mentioned conditions:

      i. Insured must be a diagnosed with "Cancer of Specified Severity" as defined in Section B (Definitions). This diagnosis must be evidenced by
          histological evidence of malignancy and confirmed by a pathologist. The date of diagnosis should be post inception of first policy with Us.

      ii. The Optional Cover will only cover medically prescribed diagnostics used to monitor vitals or to evaluate the risk of recurrence of the patients.
      iii. Expenses can be claimed under this Optional Cover on a reimbursement basis only.
      iv. This Optional Cover can only be bought at inception of first policy with Us under this product.

C.10.17 Annual Health Check-up

On availing this Optional Cover, Insured Person(s) Aged 18 years and above on the Commencement Date of the Policy may avail a comprehensive health
check-up once in a Policy Year in accordance with the table below and as specified in the Policy Schedule / Product Benefit Table of this Policy:

                                                                                                                                                                                            Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
Medical tests covered under this Benefit are as follows:

Sum Insured  INR 2 Lacs - 10 lacs                                                                                         INR 15 lacs - 25 lacs        INR 50 lacs - 6 Crores
TEST
             MER, CBC with ESR,                                                                                           MER, CBC with ESR,           MER, CBC with ESR, ABO Group &
             Urine routine, Blood Group,                                                                                  Urine routine, Blood Group,  Rh type, Urine-routine, Stool-routine,
             Blood Sugar, Lipid Profile,                                                                                  Blood Sugar, Lipid Profile,  S Bilirubin (total / direct), SGOT, SGPT,
             Kidney Function Test, ECG                                                                                    TMT, Kidney Function Test    GGT, Alkaline phosphatase,
                                                                                                                                                       Total Protein, Albumin: Globulin,
                                                                                                                                                       Liver Function Test, TMT, ECG,
                                                                                                                                                       Cholesterol, LDL, HDL, Triglycerides,
                                                                                                                                                       VLDL, Creatinine, Blood Urea Nitrogen,
                                                                                                                                                       Uric acid, Hba1C, Chest X ray,
                                                                                                                                                       USG Abdomen.

Conditions:

a. The health check-ups shall be arranged by Us only on cashless basis at Our Network Providers / Empanelled Service Providers
    (such as Diagnostic centres);

b. The Network Provider / Empanelled Service Provider shall be assigned by us post receiving customer's request to avail this Benefit;
c. The Insured Person will be eligible to avail a health check-up eve Policy Year.
d. For calculation of Healthy Heart ScoreTM, tests under Health AssessmentTM namely ­ MER (including BP, BMI, HWR and smoking status), Blood Sugar,

    Total Cholesterol or any other additional test added / replaced will have to be carried out at one go (together) and at least once eve Policy Year.
e. Apart from the tests under Health AssessmentTM mentioned under point d) above, Insured Persons shall be entitled to avail the other tests under

    the Health Check-up Program in one instance or at separate times. during the Policy Period provided that the same test cannot be repeated during
    the same Policy Year.
f. If the Insured Person who has a covered chronic condition, has already undergone tests under Section C.10.11 (Chronic Management Program
    (OPD)) (if these Benefits are applicable and specified in Policy Schedule) then those specific tests shall not be permitted to be repeated under the
    Health Check-up Program in the same Policy Year.
g. We do not assume any liability towards any loss or damage arising out of or in relation to any opinion, actual or alleged errors, omissions and
    representations made by the Network Provider / Empanelled Service Provider in relation to the health check-up.

Aditya Birla Health Insurance                                                                                             Registered Office:
                                                                                                                          9th Floor, Tower1, One World Centre, Jupiter Mills Compound,
Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627                                                                 841, Senapati Bapat Marg, Elphinstone Road, Mumbai 400013.
1800 270 7000 | care.healthinsurance@adityabirlacapital.com | www.adityabirlahealthinsurance.com                          CIN:U66000MH2015PLC263677
Trademark/Logo Aditya Birla Capital is owned by Aditya Birla Management Corporation Private Limited and                   IRDA Registration No. 153
Trademark/logo HealthReturns, Healthy Heart Score and Active Day are owned by Momentum Metropolitan Life Limited
(Formerly known as MMI Group Limited). These trademark/Logos are being used by Aditya Birla Health Insurance Co. Limited
under licensed user agreement(s).
Activ One NXT
Annexure I - List of Non-Medical Expenses

Did you know that your hospital bills also contain out-of-pocket expenses from small items like a syringe to large items like
ambulance equipment. This handy document gives you the list of such expenses which is now covered in your Activ One policy.

    LIST I

1   BABY FOOD                                          35  OXYGEN CYLINDER (FOR USAGE OUTSIDE THE HOSPITAL)

2   BABY UTILITIES CHARGES                             36  SPACER

3   BEAUTY SERVICES                                    37  SPIROMETRE

4   BELTS / BRACES                                     38  NEBULIZER KIT

5   BUDS                                               39  STEAM INHALER

6   COLD PACK / HOT PACK                               40  ARMSLING

7   CARRY BAGS                                         41  THERMOMETER

8   E-MAIL / INTERNET CHARGES                          42  CERVICAL COLLAR

9   FOOD CHARGES                                       43  SPLINT

    (OTHER THAN PATIENT'S DIET PROVIDED BY HOSPITAL)   44  DIABETIC FOOTWEAR

10  LEGGINGS                                           45  KNEE BRACES (LONG / SHORT / HINGED)

11  LAUNDRY CHARGES                                    46  KNEE IMMOBILIZER / SHOULDER IMMOBILIZER

12  MINERAL WATER                                      47  LUMBO SACRAL BELT

13  SANITARY PAD                                       48  NIMBUS BED OR WATER OR AIR BED CHARGES

14  TELEPHONE CHARGES                                  49  AMBULANCE COLLAR

15  GUEST SERVICES                                     50  AMBULANCE EQUIPMENT

16  CREPE BANDAGE                                      51  ABDOMINAL BINDER

17  DIAPER OF ANY TYPE                                 52  PRIVATE NURSES CHARGES - SPECIAL NURSING CHARGES

18  EYELET COLLAR                                      53  SUGAR FREE TABLETS

19  SLINGS                                             54  CREAMS, POWDERS, LOTIONS (TOILETRIES ARE NOT PAYABLE,

20  BLOOD GROUPING AND CROSS MATCHING OF                   ONLY PRESCRIBED MEDICAL PHARMACEUTICALS PAYABLE)

    DONOR'S SAMPLES                                    55  ECG ELECTRODES

21  SERVICE CHARGES WHERE NURSING CHARGE ALSO CHARGED  56  GLOVES

22  TELEVISION CHARGES                                 57  NEBULISATION KIT

23  SURCHARGES                                         58  ANY KIT WITH NO DETAILS MENTIONED

24  ATTENDANT CHARGES                                      (DELIVERY KIT, ORTHOKIT, RECOVERY KIT, ETC)

25  EXTRA DIET OF PATIENT                              59  KIDNEY TRAY

    (OTHER THAN THAT WHICH FORMS PART OF BED CHARGE)   60  MASK

26  BIRTH CERTIFICATE                                  61  OUNCE GLASS

27  CERTIFICATE CHARGES                                62  OXYGEN MASK

28  COURIER CHARGES                                    63  PELVIC TRACTION BELT

29  CONVEYANCE CHARGES                                 64  PAN CAN

30  MEDICAL CERTIFICATE                                65  TROLLY COVER

31  MEDICAL RECORDS                                    66  UROMETER, URINE JUG

32  PHOTOCOPIES CHARGES                                67  AMBULANCE

33  MORTUARY CHARGES                                   68  VASOFIX SAFETY

34  WALKING AIDS CHARGES

                                                                    Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
    LIST II - ITEMS THAT ARE TO BE INCLUDED IN ROOM CHARGES

1   BABY CHARGES (UNLESS SPECIFIED / INDICATED)          20        LUXURY TAX

2   HAND WASH                                            21        HVAC

3   SHOE COVER                                           22        HOUSE KEEPING CHARGES

4   CAPS                                                 23        AIR CONDITIONER CHARGES

5   CRADLE CHARGES                                       24        IM IV INJECTION CHARGES

6   COMB                                                 25        CLEAN SHEET

7   EAU-DE-COLOGNE / ROOM FRESHENERS                     26        BLANKET / WARMER BLANKET

8   FOOT COVER                                           27        ADMISSION KIT

9   GOWN                                                 28        DIABETIC CHART CHARGES

10  SLIPPERS                                             29        DOCUMENTATION CHARGES / ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES

11  TISSUE PAPER                                         30        DISCHARGE PROCEDURE CHARGES

12  TOOTH PASTE                                          31        DAILY CHART CHARGES

13  TOOTH BRUSH                                          32        ENTRANCE PASS / VISITORS PASS CHARGES

14  BED PAN                                              33        EXPENSES RELATED TO PRESCRIPTION ON DISCHARGE

15  FACE MASK                                            34        FILE OPENING CHARGES

16  FLEXI MASK                                           35        INCIDENTAL EXPENSES / MISC. CHARGES (NOT EXPLAINED)

17  HAND HOLDER                                          36        PATIENT IDENTIFICATION BAND / NAME TAG

18  SPUTUM CUP                                           37        PULSE OXYMETER CHARGES

19  DISINFECTANT LOTIONS

    LIST III - ITEMS THAT ARE TO BE INCLUDED IN PROCEDURE CHARGES

1   HAIR REMOVAL CREAM                                   13        SURGICAL DRILL

2   DISPOSABLES RAZORS CHARGES (FOR SITE PREPARATIONS)   14        EYE KIT

3   EYE PAD                                              15        EYE DRAPE

4   EYE SHEILD                                           16        X-RAY FILM

5   CAMERA COVER                                         17        BOYLES APPARATUS CHARGES

6   DVD, CD CHARGES                                      18        COTTON

7   GAUZE SOFT                                           19        COTTON BANDAGE

8   GAUZE                                                20        SURGICAL TAPE

9   WARD AND THEATRE BOOKING CHARGES                     21        APRON

10  ARTHROSCOPY AND ENDOSCOPY INSTRUMENTS                22        TORNIQUET

11  MICROSCOPE COVER                                     23        ORTHOBUNDLE, GYNAEC BUNDLE

12  SURGICAL BLADES, HARMONICSCALPEL, SHAVER

    LIST IV - ITEMS THAT ARE TO BE INCLUDED IN COSTS OF TREATMENT

1   ADMISSION / REGISTRATION CHARGES                     10        HIV KIT

2   HOSPITALIZATION FOR EVALUATION / DIAGNOSTIC PURPOSE  11        ANTISEPTIC MOUTHWASH

3   URINE CONTAINER                                      12        LOZENGES

4   BLOOD RESERVATION CHARGES AND                        13        MOUTH PAINT

    ANTE NATAL BOOKING CHARGES                           14        VACCINATION CHARGES

5   BIPAP MACHINE                                        15        ALCOHOL SWABS

6   CPAP / CAPD EQUIPMENTS                               16        SCRUB SOLUTION / STERILLIUM

7   INFUSION PUMP - COST                                 17        GLUCOMETER & STRIPS

8   HYDROGEN PEROXIDE / SPIRIT / DISINFECTANTS ETC       18        URINE BAG

9   NUTRITION PLANNING CHARGES - DIETICIAN CHARGES,

    DIET CHARGES

Aditya Birla Health Insurance Co. Limited                                                                                 Registered Office:

Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627                                                                 9th Floor, Tower1, One World Centre, Jupiter Mills Compound,
1800 270 7000 | care.healthinsurance@adityabirlacapital.com | www.adityabirlahealthinsurance.com                          841, Senapati Bapat Marg, Elphinstone Road, Mumbai 400013.
Trademark/Logo Aditya Birla Capital is owned by Aditya Birla Management Corporation Private Limited and                   CIN:U66000MH2015PLC263677
Trademark/logo HealthReturns, Healthy Heart Score and Active Day are owned by Momentum Metropolitan Life Limited          IRDA Registration No. 153
(Formerly known as MMI Group Limited). These trademark/Logos are being used by Aditya Birla Health Insurance Co. Limited
under licensed user agreement(s).
Activ One NXT
Annexure II - Contact details of Insurance Ombudsman offices

In case of any disputes related to your health insurance policy, this list gives you details of the nearest offices that you
can visit for seeking an un-biased resolution.

CONTACT DETAILS                                                                      JURISDICTION OF OFFICE                                              Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
                                                                                     Gujarat, Dadra & Nagar Haveli, Daman and Diu.
AHMEDABAD
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, Jeevan Prakash Building, 6th floor,               Karnataka.
Tilak Marg, Relief Road, AHMEDABAD ­ 380 001.
Tel.: 079 - 25501201/02                                                              Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh.
Email: oio.ahmedabad@cioins.co.in
                                                                                     Odisha.
BENGALURU
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, Jeevan Soudha Building,PID No. 57-27-N-19         Punjab, Haryana (excluding Gurugram, Faridabad, Sonepat and
Ground Floor, 19/19, 24th Main Road, JP Nagar, Ist Phase, Bengaluru ­ 560 078.       Bahadurgarh), Himachal Pradesh, Union Territories of Jammu &
Tel.: 080 - 26652048 / 26652049                                                      Kashmir,Ladakh & Chandigarh.
Email: oio.bengaluru@cioins.co.in                                                    Tamil Nadu, PuducherryTown and Karaikal
                                                                                     (which are part of Puducherry).
BHOPAL
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, 1st floor,"Jeevan Shikha",                        Delhi & following Districts of Haryana - Gurugram, Faridabad,
60-B,Hoshangabad Road, Opp. Gayatri Mandir,Arera Hills Bhopal ­ 462 011.             Sonepat & Bahadurgarh.
Tel.: 0755 - 2769201 / 2769202 / 2769203
Email: oio.bhopal@cioins.co.in                                                       Assam, Meghalaya, Manipur, Mizoram, Arunachal Pradesh,
                                                                                     Nagaland and Tripura.
BHUBANESWAR
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, 62, Forest park, Bhubaneswar ­ 751 009.           Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Yanam and part of
Tel.: 0674 - 2596461 /2596455/2596429/2596003                                        Union Territory of Puducherry.
Email: oio.bhubaneswar@cioins.co.in
                                                                                     Rajasthan.
CHANDIGARH
Office Of The Insurance Ombudsman, Jeevan Deep Building SCO 20-27,                   Kerala, Lakshadweep, Mahe-a part of Union Territory of Puducherry.
Ground Floor Sector- 17 A, Chandigarh ­ 160 017.
Tel.: 0172-2706468                                                                   West Bengal, Sikkim, Andaman & Nicobar Islands.
Email: oio.chandigarh@cioins.co.in

CHENNAI
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, Fatima Akhtar Court, 4th Floor, 453,
Anna Salai, Teynampet, CHENNAI ­ 600 018.
Tel.: 044 - 24333668 / 24333678
Email: oio.chennai@cioins.co.in

DELHI
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, 2/2 A, Universal Insurance Building,
Asaf Ali Road,New Delhi ­ 110 002.
Tel.: 011 - 46013992/23213504/23232481
Email: oio.delhi@cioins.co.in

GUWAHATI
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, Jeevan Nivesh, 5th Floor, Near Pan Bazar,
S.S. Road, Guwahati ­ 781001(ASSAM).
Tel.: 0361 - 2632204 / 2602205 / 2631307
Email: oio.guwahati@cioins.co.in

HYDERABAD
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, 6-2-46, 1st floor, "Moin Court",
Lane Opp.Hyundai Showroom , A. C. Guards, Lakdi-Ka-Pool, Hyderabad - 500 004.
Tel.: 040 - 23312122 / 23376991 / 23376599 / 23328709 / 23325325
Email: oio.hyderabad@cioins.co.in

JAIPUR
Shri Satyajeet Rajan
Insurance Ombudsman Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
Jeevan Nidhi ­ II Bldg., Gr. Floor, Bhawani Singh Marg, Jaipur - 302 005.
Tel.: 0141- 2740363
Email: oio.jaipur@cioins.co.in

KOCHI
Shri Pradeep Kumar Jain
Insurance Ombudsman Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
10th Floor, Jeevan Prakash,LIC Building, Opp to Maharaja's College Ground,M.G.Road,
Kochi - 682 011.
Tel.: 0484 - 2358759
Email: oio.ernakulam@cioins.co.in

KOLKATA
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
Hindustan Bldg. Annexe, 7th Floor,
4, C.R. Avenue,
KOLKATA - 700 072.
Tel.: 033 - 22124339 / 22124341
Email: oio.kolkata@cioins.co.in
LUCKNOW                                                                                                                 Districts of Uttar Pradesh : Lalitpur, Jhansi, Mahoba, Hamirpur,
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, 6th Floor, Jeevan Bhawan, Phase-II, Nawal Kishore Road,                              Banda, Chitrakoot, Allahabad, Mirzapur, Sonbhabdra, Fatehpur,
Hazratganj, Lucknow - 226 001.                                                                                          Pratapgarh, Jaunpur,Varanasi, Gazipur, Jalaun, Kanpur, Lucknow,
Tel.: 0522 - 4002082 / 3500613                                                                                          Unnao, Sitapur, Lakhimpur, Bahraich, Barabanki, Raebareli, Sravasti,
Email: oio.lucknow@cioins.co.in                                                                                         Gonda, Faizabad, Amethi, Kaushambi, Balrampur, Basti,
                                                                                                                        Ambedkarnagar, Sultanpur, Maharajgang, Santkabirnagar, Azamgarh,
MUMBAI                                                                                                                  Kushinagar, Gorkhpur, Deoria, Mau, Ghazipur, Chandauli, Ballia,
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, 3rd Floor, Jeevan Seva Annexe,                                                       Sidharathnagar.
S. V. Road, Santacruz (W),
Mumbai - 400 054.                                                                                                       List of wards under Mumbai
Tel.: 022 - 69038800/27/29/31/32/33                                                                                     Metropolitan Region excluding wards in Mumbai ­ i.e M/E, M/W, N , S
Email: oio.mumbai@cioins.co.in                                                                                          and T covered under Office of Insurance Ombudsman Thane and
                                                                                                                        excluding areas of Navi Mumbai.
NOIDA
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, Bhagwan Sahai Palace                                                                 State of Uttarakhand and the following Districts of Uttar Pradesh:
4th Floor, Main Road, Naya Bans, Sector 15, Distt: Gautam Buddh Nagar, U.P-201301.                                      Agra, Aligarh, Bagpat, Bareilly, Bijnor, Budaun, Bulandshehar, Etah,
Tel.: 0120-2514252 / 2514253                                                                                            Kannauj, Mainpuri, Mathura, Meerut, Moradabad, Muzaffarnagar,
Email: oio.noida@cioins.co.in                                                                                           Oraiyya, Pilibhit, Etawah, Farrukhabad, Firozbad, Gautam Buddh
                                                                                                                        nagar, Ghaziabad, Hardoi, Shahjahanpur, Hapur, Shamli, Rampur,
PATNA                                                                                                                   Kashganj, Sambhal, Amroha, Hathras, Kanshiramnagar, Saharanpur
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, 2nd Floor, Lalit Bhawan, Bailey Road, Patna 800 001.
Tel.: 0612-2547068                                                                                                      Bihar, Jharkhand.
Email: oio.patna@cioins.co.in
                                                                                                                        State of Goa and State of Maharashtra excluding areas of
PUNE                                                                                                                    Navi Mumbai, Thane district,Palghar District, Raigad district &
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, Jeevan Darshan Bldg., 3rd Floor,                                                     Mumbai Metropolitan Region
C.T.S. No.s. 195 to 198, N.C. Kelkar Road, Narayan Peth, Pune ­ 411 030.
Tel.: 020-24471175                                                                                                      Area of Navi Mumbai, Thane District, Raigad District, Palghar
Email: oio.pune@cioins.co.in                                                                                            District and wards of Mumbai, M/East, M/West, N, S and T."

THANE
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, 2nd Floor,Jeevan Chintamani Building,
Vasantrao Naik Mahamarg, Thane (West)- 400604
Tel.: 022-20812868/69
Email: oio.thane@cioins.co.in

The updated details of Insurance Ombudsman offices are available on the IRDAI website: www.irdai.gov.in, on the website of Council for Insurance Ombudsmen CIO
(www.cioins.co.in/ombudsman), Our website at: https://www.adityabirlacapital.com/healthinsurance/homepage or can be obtained from any of our offices.

Aditya Birla Health Insurance Co. Limited                                                                               Registered Office:

Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627                                                               9th Floor, Tower1, One World Centre, Jupiter Mills Compound,
1800 270 7000 | care.healthinsurance@adityabirlacapital.com | www.adityabirlahealthinsurance.com                        841, Senapati Bapat Marg, Elphinstone Road, Mumbai 400013.
Trademark/Logo Aditya Birla Capital is owned by Aditya Birla Management Corporation Private Limited and                 CIN:U66000MH2015PLC263677
Trademark/logo HealthReturns, Healthy Heart Score and Active Day are owned by Momentum Group Ltd (Formerly known as     IRDA Registration No. 153
Momentum Metropolitan Life Limited). These trademark/Logos are being used by Aditya Birla Health Insurance Co. Limited
under licensed user agreement(s).
Activ One NXT

Annexure III - Product Benefit Table

This document will offer you a clear summary of your health insurance coverage including in-built and optional covers, details of our
unique health management program as well as waiting period information.

Product Benefit Table

Entry Age (Adult)                                  Minimum - 18 Years, Maximum - No capping
Entry Age (Child)
Policy Type                                        Dependent Child (Floater / Multi Individual) - 91 Days to 25 Years
Tenure                                             Individual ­ minimum age of entry - 5 Years
Family Definition
Relationship Covered                               Individual & Family Floater

Base Sum Insured (INR)                             1 / 2 / 3 Years

                                                   Up to 2 Adults, 4 Children

                                                   Individual:
                                                   Self, legally married spouse or live-in partner (same or opposite sex), son, daughter, brother,
                                                   sister, grandson, granddaughter, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law, sister-in-law,
                                                   nephew, niece, parents and parents-in-law

                                                   Floater:
                                                   Self, legally married spouse or live-in partner (same or opposite sex), dependent Children
                                                   (Natural / legally adopted), parents and parents-in-law

                                                   2 Lacs, 3 Lacs, 4 Lacs, 5 Lacs, 7 Lacs, 10 Lacs, 15 Lacs, 20 Lacs, 25 Lacs, 50 Lacs,
                                                   75 Lacs, 1 Crore, 2 Crores, 3 Crores, 4 Crores, 5 Crores, 6 Crores

In-built Covers

Hospitalization   Room Rent                        Actuals up to Sum Insured
Treatment         ICU Charges                      Actuals up to Sum Insured
                  Road Ambulance Cover             Actuals up to Sum Insured
                  (per hospitalization)
                                                   Actuals up to Sum Insured
                  Day Care Treatments              Actuals up to Sum Insured for listed procedures
                                                   Actuals up to Sum Insured
                  Modern Procedures / Treatments   Actuals up to Sum Insured
                                                   Actuals up to Sum Insured
                  HIV / AIDS and STD Cover         90 Days
                                                   180 Days
                  Mental Illness Hospitalization   Actuals up to Sum Insured
                                                   Actuals up to Sum Insured
                  Obesity Treatment                Actuals up to Sum Insured
                                                   Actuals up to Sum Insured
Pre-Hospitalization Expenses (up to Sum Insured)   2X - Day 1
                                                   2nd Claim Onwards - Unlimited Times (upto Base Sum Insured)
Post-Hospitalization Expenses (up to Sum Insured)

Domiciliary Hospitalization

Home Health Care

AYUSH Treatment

Organ Donor Expenses

Super Reload      2X Cover
                  Unlimited Refill

Health Management Program (In-built Covers)

Health AssessmentTM                                Applicable once in a policy year undertaken at our Network Providers / Empanelled Service
HealthReturnsTM                                    Providers on a cashless basis or on digital basis

                                                   Applicable up to 100% of the premium

                                                                                         Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
Optional Covers

Reduction in Specific Disease Waiting Period              2 years to 1 year
                                                          Non-payable items will be covered (all 4 lists of Annexure I)
Claim Protect (Non - Medical Expense Waiver)              Option 1 - Single Private Room
                                                          Option 2 - Shared Accommodation
Room Rent Type Options                                    Option 1 - INR 15,000
                                                          Option 2 - INR 25,000
Per Claim Deductible                                      10% Discount Applicable
                                                          Sum Insured Options - INR 10 Lacs, INR 15 Lacs, INR 20 Lacs and INR 25 Lacs
Preferred Provider Network (PPN) Discount                 Sum Insured Options - INR 10 Lacs, INR 15 Lacs, INR 20 Lacs, INR 25 Lacs,
                                                          and INR 50 Lacs
Critical Illness Cover [Initial Waiting Period - 60 Days  100% of Base Sum Insured per year, up to 500% of Base Sum Insured
and Survival Period - 15 Days]                            (up to Max of 3 Cr under this benefit)
                                                          Pre-Existing Disease Waiting Period and Initial Waiting Period will be waived for the listed
Personal Accident Cover (Accidental Death, Permanent      chronic conditions
Total Disability, Permanent Partial Disability)
                                                          Applicable on Cashless Basis
Super Credit (increases irrespective of claim)            Up to 100% of Base policy Sum Insured

Chronic Care (Day 1 In-patient Hospitalization)           A combined sub-limit of INR 5 Lacs or up to Sum Insured, whichever is lower
Applicable for Listed Chronic Conditions:
1. Diabetes                                               Up to INR 50,000 for two-way travel fare if hospitalization exceeds 10 days
2. Hypertension                                           Applicable
3. Asthma                                                 INR 10,000 / Member / Policy Year
4. Hyperlipidemia                                         Listed & Cashless
5. COPD
6. Obesity
7. Coronary Artery Disease (PTCA done prior to 1 year)

Chronic Management Program (OPD)

Cancer Booster:
1. Covers Pre-Hospitalization and Post-Hospitalization

  medical expense
2. Covers Day Care Treatment upto Sum Insured

Durable Equipment Cover:
1. Ventilator
2. Wheelchair
3. Prosthetic Device
4. Suction Machine
5. Commode Chairs
6. Infusion Pump
7. Continuous Passive Motion Devices in case of Knee

  Replacement
8. Oxygen Concentrator

Compassionate Visit

Second Medical Opinion for listed Major Illness

Annual Screening Package for Cancer Diagnosed
Patients

Annual Health Check-up

       Waiting Period - Inbuilt Cover                     3 Years
                                                          2 Years
Pre-Existing Diseases Waiting Period                      30 Days
Specific Diseases Waiting Period
Initial Waiting Period (Excluding Accidental
Hospitalization)

Aditya Birla Health Insurance Co. Limited                                                                Registered Office:

Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627                                                9th Floor, Tower1, One World Centre, Jupiter Mills Compound,
1800 270 7000 | care.healthinsurance@adityabirlacapital.com | www.adityabirlahealthinsurance.com         841, Senapati Bapat Marg, Elphinstone Road, Mumbai 400013.
Trademark/Logo Aditya Birla Capital is owned by Aditya Birla Management Corporation Private Limited and  CIN:U66000MH2015PLC263677
Trademark/logo HealthReturns, Healthy Heart Score and Active Day are owned by Momentum Group Ltd (MGL)   IRDA Registration No. 153
(Formerly known as Momentum Metropolitan Life Limited). These trademark/Logos are being used by
Aditya Birla Health Insurance Co. Limited under licensed user agreement(s).
Activ One NXT
Annexure IV - Chronic Management Program

The Insured member(s) would be eligible for below benefits only if the same is opted or applicable as an in-built offering and mentioned in the Policy Schedule.

This document outlines the services and benefits included under the seven listed chronic conditions in our Chronic Management Program
for complete clarity and information around your health management journey ultimately helping you with better health outcomes.

Single Condition

Category                                                                   Asthma                          No. of Visits
Consultation  Sub Category                                                                                         1
              Teleconsult - Physician                                                                              1
Pathology     Teleconsult - Pulmonologist                                                                          1
              Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / Random Glucose                                  1
              Follow-up 6 months later (only if Onboarding Abnormal) BMI / BP / RR / HR / Random Glucose
                                                                                                          No. of Visits
Category                                                               Hypertension                                2
Consultation  Sub Category                                                                                         1
Pathology     Teleconsult - Physician                                                                              5
              Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine
              Digital BP (Facial Scan)

Category                                                              Hyperlipidemia                      No. of Visits
Consultation  Sub Category                                                                                        2
Pathology     Teleconsult - Physician                                                                             1
              Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine             1
              Lipid Profile

Category                                                             Diabetes Type 1                      No. of Visits
Consultation  Sub Category                                                                                        1
              Teleconsult - Physician                                                                             1
Pathology     Teleconsult - Endocrinologist                                                                       1
              Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine             1
              Follow-up 6 months later HBA1C / Lipid / BP / Heart Rate

Category                                                             Diabetes Type 2                      No. of Visits
Consultation  Sub Category                                                                                        1
              Teleconsult - Physician                                                                             1
Pathology     Teleconsult - Endocrinologist                                                                       1
              Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine             1
              Follow-up 6 months later HBA1C / Lipid / BP / Heart Rate

Category                                  Coronary Artery Disease with PTCA done prior to 1 Year          No. of Visits
Consultation  Sub Category                                                                                        2
Pathology     Teleconsult - Physician                                                                             1
              Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine             1
              Follow-up 6 months later HBA1C / Lipid / BP / Heart Rate

                  Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
Category                                         Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD)             No. of Visits
Consultation  Sub Category                                                                                     1
Pathology     Teleconsult - Physician                                                                          1
              Teleconsult - Pulmonologist                                                                      1
Category      Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / Random Glucose                              1
Consultation  Follow-up 6 months later (only if onboarding abnormal) BMI / BP / RR / HR / Random Glucose
Pathology                                                                                                 No. of Visits
                                                            High Body Mass Index (Obesity)                     2
              Sub Category                                                                                     1
              Teleconsult - Physician                                                                          1
              Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine
              Follow-up 6 months later Lipid / BP / Heart Rate

1  Co-Morbid (2 Conditions)
2

Category                                                         Asthma + Hypertension                    No. of Visits
Consultation  Sub Category                                                                                      2
              Teleconsult - Physician                                                                           1
Pathology     Teleconsult - Pulmonologist                                                                       1
              Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine           1
              Follow-up 6 months later (only if onboarding abnormal) BMI / BP / RR / HR / Random Glucose
                                                                                                          No. of Visits
Category                                                        Asthma + Hyperlipidemia                         2
Consultation  Sub Category                                                                                      1
              Teleconsult - Physician                                                                           1
Pathology     Teleconsult - Pulmonologist                                                                       1
              Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine
              Lipid Profile                                                                               No. of Visits
                                                                                                                1
Category                                                   Asthma + Diabetes 1 / Diabetes 2                     1
Consultation  Sub Category                                                                                      1
              Teleconsult - Physician                                                                           1
Pathology     Teleconsult - Endocrinologist                                                                     1
              Teleconsult - Pulmonologist
              Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine     No. of Visits
              Follow-up 6 months later HBA1C / Lipid / BP / Heart Rate                                          2
                                                                                                                1
Category                              Asthma + Coronary Artery Disease with PTCA done prior to 1 Year           1
Consultation  Sub Category                                                                                      1
              Teleconsult - Physician
Pathology     Teleconsult - Pulmonologist                                                                 No. of Visits
              Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine           2
              Follow-up 6 months later HBA1C / Lipid / BP / Heart Rate                                          1
                                                                                                                1
Category                                             Asthma + High Body Mass Index (Obesity)                    1
Consultation  Sub Category
              Teleconsult - Physician
Pathology     Teleconsult - Pulmonologist
              Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine
              Follow-up 6 months later Lipid / BP / Heart Rate

                             Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
Category                                                    Hypertension + Hyperlipidemia                    No. of Visits
Consultation  Sub Category                                                                                         2
Pathology     Teleconsult - Physician                                                                              1
              Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine              1
Category      Lipid Profile                                                                                        5
Consultation  Digital BP (Facial Scan)
Pathology                                                                                                    No. of Visits
                                                Hypertension + Diabetes Type 1 / Diabetes Type 2                   2
Category      Sub Category                                                                                         1
Consultation  Teleconsult - Physician                                                                              1
Pathology     Teleconsult - Endocrinologist                                                                        1
              Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine
Category      Follow-up 6 months later HBA1C / Lipid / BP / Heart Rate                                     No. of Visits
Consultation                                                                                                      2
Pathology                         Hypertension + Coronary Artery Disease with PTCA done prior to 1 Year           1
              Sub Category                                                                                        1
Category      Teleconsult - Physician
Consultation  Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine      No. of Visit
Pathology     Follow-up 6 months later HBA1C / Lipid / BP / Heart Rate                                            2
                                                                                                                  1
Category                             Hypertension + Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease COPD                    1
Consultation  Sub Category                                                                                        1
Pathology     Teleconsult - Physician
              Teleconsult - Pulmonologist                                                                  No. of Visits
Category      Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine             2
Consultation  Follow-up 6 months later (only if Onboarding Abnormal) BMI / BP / RR / HR / Random Glucose          1
Pathology                                                                                                         1
                                               Hypertension + High Body Mass Index (Obesity)
Category      Sub Category                                                                                 No. of Visits
Consultation  Teleconsult - Physician                                                                             2
Pathology     Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine             1
              Follow-up 6 months later Lipid / BP / Heart Rate                                                    1
                                                                                                                  1
                                           Hyperlipidemia + Diabetes Type 1 / Diabetes Type 2
              Sub Category                                                                                No. of Visits
              Teleconsult - Physician                                                                             2
              Teleconsult - Endocrinologist                                                                       1
              Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine             1
              Follow-up 6 months later HBA1C / Lipid / BP / Heart Rate
                                                                                                           No. of Visits
                             Hyperlipidemia + Coronary Artery Disease with PTCA done prior to 1 Year              2
              Sub Category                                                                                        1
              Teleconsult - Physician                                                                             1
              Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine             1
              Follow-up 6 months later HBA1C / Lipid / BP / Heart Rate

                                     Hypertension + Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease COPD
              Sub Category
              Teleconsult - Physician
              Teleconsult - Pulmonologist
              Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / Random Glucose
              Follow-up 6 months later (only if Onboarding Abnormal) BMI / BP / RR / HR / Random Glucose

              Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
Category                                        Hyperlipidemia + High Body Mass Index (Obesity)                     No. of Visits
Consultation  Sub Category                                                                                                2
Pathology     Teleconsult - Physician                                                                                     1
              Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine                     1
Category      Follow-up 6 months later Lipid / BP / Heart Rate
Consultation                                                                                                        No. of Visits
Pathology            Diabetes Type 1 / Diabetes Type 2 + Coronary Artery Disease with PTCA done prior to 1 Year           2
              Sub Category                                                                                                1
Category      Teleconsult - Physician                                                                                     1
Consultation  Teleconsult - Endocrinologist                                                                               1
              Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine
Pathology     Follow-up 6 months later HBA1C / Lipid / BP / Heart Rate                                             No. of Visits
                                                                                                                         1
Category                   Diabetes Type 1 / Diabetes Type 2 + Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease COPD                1
Consultation  Sub Category                                                                                               1
Pathology     Teleconsult - Physician                                                                                    1
              Teleconsult - Endocrinologist                                                                              1
Category      Teleconsult - Pulmonologist
Consultation  Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine              No. of Visits
Pathology     Follow-up 6 months later HBA1C / Lipid / BP / Heart Rate                                                   2
                                                                                                                         1
Category                             Diabetes Type 1 / Diabetes Type 2 + High Body Mass Index (Obesity)                  1
Consultation  Sub Category                                                                                               1
Pathology     Teleconsult - Physician
              Teleconsult - Endocrinologist                                                                        No. of Visits
Category      Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine                    2
Consultation  Follow-up 6 months later HBA1C / Lipid / BP / Heart Rate                                                   1
Pathology                                                                                                                1
              Coronary Artery Disease with PTCA done prior to 1 Year + Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease COPD        1
              Sub Category
              Teleconsult - Physician                                                                              No. of Visits
              Teleconsult - Pulmonologist                                                                                2
              Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine                    1
              Follow-up 6 months later HBA1C / Lipid / BP / Heart Rate                                                   1

                       Coronary Artery Disease with PTCA done prior to 1 Year + High Body Mass Index (Obesity)     No. of Visits
              Sub Category                                                                                               2
              Teleconsult - Physician                                                                                    1
              Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine                    1
              Follow-up 6 months later HBA1C / Lipid / BP / Heart Rate                                                   1

                             Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease COPD + High Body Mass Index (Obesity)
              Sub Category
              Teleconsult - Physician
              Teleconsult - Pulmonologist
              Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine
              Follow-up 6 months later Lipid / BP / Heart Rate

              Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
1  Co-Morbid (3 Conditions)
2

3

Category                                           Asthma + Hypertension + Hyperlipidemia                     No. of Visits
Consultation  Sub Category                                                                                          2
              Teleconsult - Physician                                                                               1
Pathology     Teleconsult - Pulmonologist                                                                           1
              Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine               1
              Follow-up 6 months later HBA1C / Lipid / BP / Heart Rate
                                                                                                              No. of Visits
Category                                Asthma + Hypertension + High Body Mass Index (Obesity)                      2
Consultation  Sub Category                                                                                          1
              Teleconsult - Physician                                                                               1
Pathology     Teleconsult - Pulmonologist                                                                           1
              Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine
              Follow-up 6 months later Lipid / BP / Heart Rate                                                No. of Visits
                                                                                                                    2
Category                                  Asthma + Hyperlipidemia + Diabetes Type 1 / Type 2                        1
Consultation  Sub Category                                                                                          1
              Teleconsult - Physician                                                                               1
Pathology     Teleconsult - Endocrinologist                                                                         1
              Teleconsult - Pulmonologist
              Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine         No. of Visits
              Follow-up 6 months later HBA1C / Lipid / BP / Heart Rate                                              2
                                                                                                                    1
Category             Asthma + Hyperlipidemia + Coronary Artery Disease with PTCA done prior to 1 Year               1
Consultation  Sub Category                                                                                          1
              Teleconsult - Physician
Pathology     Teleconsult - Pulmonologist                                                                     No. of Visits
              Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine               2
              Follow-up 6 months later HBA1C / Lipid / BP / Heart Rate                                              1
                                                                                                                    1
Category                              Asthma + Hyperlipidemia + High Body Mass Index (Obesity)                      1
Consultation  Sub Category
              Teleconsult - Physician                                                                         No. of Visits
Pathology     Teleconsult - Pulmonologist                                                                           2
              Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine               1
              Follow-up 6 months later Lipid / BP / Heart Rate                                                      1
                                                                                                                    1
Category      Asthma + Diabetes Type 1 / Diabetes 2 + Coronary Artery Disease with PTCA done prior to 1 Year        1
Consultation   Sub Category
               Teleconsult - Physician
Pathology      Teleconsult - Pulmonologist
               Teleconsult - Endocrinologist
               Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine
               Follow-up 6 months later HBA1C / Lipid / BP / Heart Rate

                             Asthma + Diabetes Type 1 / Diabetes 2 + High Body Mass Index (Obesity)

Category      Sub Category                                                                                    No. of Visits
Consultation
              Teleconsult - Physician                                                                         2
Pathology
              Teleconsult - Pulmonologist                                                                     1

              Teleconsult - Endocrinologist                                                                   1

              Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine         1

              Follow-up 6 months later HBA1C / Lipid / BP / Heart Rate                                                            1
                                                                        Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
Category      Asthma + Coronary Artery Disease with PTCA done prior to 1 Year + High Body Mass Index (Obesity)  No. of Visits
Consultation     Sub Category                                                                                         2
Pathology        Teleconsult - Physician                                                                              1
                 Teleconsult - Pulmonologist                                                                          1
Category         Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine              1
Consultation     Follow-up 6 months later HBA1C / Lipid / BP / Heart Rate
Pathology                                                                                                       No. of Visits
                                          Hypertension + Hyperlipidemia + Diabetes Type 1 / Type 2                    2
Category         Sub Category                                                                                         1
Consultation     Teleconsult - Physician                                                                              1
Pathology        Teleconsult - Endocrinologist                                                                        1
                 Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine
Category         Follow-up 6 months later HBA1C / Lipid / BP / Heart Rate                                       No. of Visits
Consultation                                                                                                          2
Pathology            Hypertension + Hyperlipidemia + Coronary Artery Disease with PTCA done prior to 1 Year           1
                 Sub Category                                                                                         1
Category         Teleconsult - Physician
Consultation     Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine        No. of Visits
Pathology        Follow-up 6 months later HBA1C / Lipid / BP / Heart Rate                                             2
                                                                                                                      1
Category                   Hypertension + Hyperlipidemia + Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease COPD                 1
Consultation     Sub Category                                                                                         1
Pathology        Teleconsult - Physician
                 Teleconsult - Pulmonologist                                                                    No. of Visits
Category         Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine              2
Consultation     Follow-up 6 months later HBA1C / Lipid / BP / Heart Rate                                             1
                                                                                                                      1
Pathology                            Hypertension + Hyperlipidemia + High Body Mass Index (Obesity)
                 Sub Category                                                                                   No. of Visits
                 Teleconsult - Physician                                                                               2
                 Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine               1
                 Follow-up 6 months later Lipid / BP / Heart Rate                                                      1
                                                                                                                       1
              Hypertension + Diabetes Type 1 / Type 2 + Coronary Artery Disease with PTCA done prior to 1 Year
                 Sub Category                                                                                   No. of Visits
                 Teleconsult - Physician                                                                               2
                 Teleconsult - Endocrinologist                                                                         1
                 Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine               1
                 Follow-up 6 months later HBA1C / Lipid / BP / Heart Rate                                              1
                                                                                                                       1
                     Hypertension + Diabetes Type 1 / Type 2 + Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease COPD
                 Sub Category
                 Teleconsult - Physician
                 Teleconsult - Endocrinologist
                 Teleconsult - Pulmonologist
                 Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine
                 Follow-up 6 months later HBA1C / Lipid / BP / Heart Rate

              Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
Category                        Hypertension + Diabetes Type 1 / Type 2 + High Body Mass Index (Obesity)              No. of Visits
Consultation  Sub Category                                                                                                  2
              Teleconsult - Physician                                                                                       1
Pathology     Teleconsult - Endocrinologist                                                                                 1
              Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine                       1
              Follow-up 6 months later HBA1C / Lipid / BP / Heart Rate
                                                                                                                      No. of Visits
Hypertension + Coronary Artery Disease with PTCA done prior to 1 Year + Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease COPD          2
                                                                                                                            1
Category      Sub Category                                                                                                  1
Consultation  Teleconsult - Physician                                                                                       1
              Teleconsult - Pulmonologist
Pathology     Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine
              Follow-up 6 months later HBA1C / Lipid / BP / Heart Rate

Category      Hypertension + Coronary Artery Disease with PTCA done prior to 1 Year + High Body Mass Index (Obesity)  No. of Visits
Consultation         Sub Category                                                                                           2
Pathology            Teleconsult - Physician                                                                                1
                     Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine                1
                     Follow-up 6 months later HBA1C / Lipid / BP / Heart Rate

Category          Hypertension + Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease COPD + High Body Mass Index (Obesity)          No. of Visits
Consultation      Sub Category                                                                                              2
Pathology         Teleconsult - Physician                                                                                   1
                  Teleconsult - Pulmonologist                                                                               1
Category          Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine                   1
Consultation      Follow-up 6 months later Lipid / BP / Heart Rate
Patholog                                                                                                              No. of Visits
              Hyperlipidemia + Diabetes Type 1 / Type 2 + Coronary Artery Disease with PTCA done prior to 1 Year            2
                  Sub Category                                                                                              1
                  Teleconsult - Physician                                                                                   1
                  Teleconsult - Endocrinologist                                                                             1
                  Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile/Creatinine
                  Follow-up 6 months later HBA1C / Lipid / BP / Heart Rate

Category       Hyperlipidemia + Diabetes Type 1 / Type 2 + Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease COPD                 No. of Visits
Consultation  Sub Category                                                                                                  2
              Teleconsult - Physician                                                                                       1
Pathology     Teleconsult - Endocrinologist                                                                                 1
              Teleconsult - Pulmonologist                                                                                   1
Category      Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine                       1
Consultation  Follow-up 6 months later HBA1C / Lipid / BP / Heart Rate
Pathology                                                                                                             No. of Visits
                         Hyperlipidemia + Diabetes Type 1 / Type 2 + High Body Mass Index (Obesity)                         2
              Sub Category                                                                                                  1
              Teleconsult - Physician                                                                                       1
              Teleconsult - Endocrinologist                                                                                 1
              Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine
              Follow-up 6 months later HBA1C / Lipid / BP / Heart Rate

              Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
Category      Hyperlipidemia + Coronary Artery Disease with PTCA done prior to 1 Year + Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease     No. of Visits
Consultation         Sub Category                                                                                                       2
Pathology            Teleconsult - Physician                                                                                            1
                     Teleconsult - Pulmonologist                                                                                        1
Category             Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine                            1
Consultation         Follow-up 6 months later HBA1C / Lipid / BP / Heart Rate
Pathology
              Hyperlipidemia + Coronary Artery Disease with PTCA done prior to 1 Year + High Body Mass Index (Obesity)            No. of Visits
                Sub Category                                                                                                            2
                Teleconsult - Physician                                                                                                 1
                Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine                                 1
                Follow-up 6 months later HBA1C / Lipid / BP / Heart Rate

Category         Hyperlipidemia + Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease COPD + High Body Mass Index (Obesity)                     No. of Visits
Consultation  Sub Category                                                                                                              2
              Teleconsult - Physician                                                                                                   1
Pathology     Teleconsult - Pulmonologist                                                                                               1
              Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine                                   1
              Follow-up 6 months later Lipid / BP / Heart Rate

Diabetes Type 1 / Type 2 + Coronary Artery Disease with PTCA done prior to 1 Year + Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease COPD

Category      Sub Category                                                                                                        No. of Visits
Consultation  Teleconsult - Physician                                                                                                   2
              Teleconsult - Pulmonologist                                                                                               1
Pathology     Teleconsult - Endocrinologist                                                                                             1
              Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine                                   1
              Follow-up 6 months later HBA1C / Lipid / BP / Heart Rate                                                                  1

              Diabetes Type 1 / Type 2 + Coronary Artery Disease with PTCA done prior to 1 Year + High Body Mass Index (Obesity)

Category      Sub Category                                                                                                        No. of Visits
Consultation  Teleconsult - Physician                                                                                                   2
              Teleconsult - Endocrinologist                                                                                             1
Pathology     Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine                                   1
                                                                                                                                        1
              Follow-up 6 months later HBA1C / Lipid / BP / Heart Rate

Category      Diabetes Type 1 / Type 2 + Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease COPD + High Body Mass Index (Obesity)              No. of Visits
Consultation          Sub Category                                                                                                      2
                      Teleconsult - Physician                                                                                           1
Pathology             Teleconsult - Pulmonologist                                                                                       1
                      Teleconsult - Endocrinologist                                                                                     1
                      Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine                           1
                      Follow-up 6 months later HBA1C / Lipid / BP / Heart Rate

Coronary Artery Disease with PTCA done prior to 1 Year + Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease COPD + High Body Mass Index (Obesity)

Category      Sub Category                                                                                                        No. of Visits
Consultation  Teleconsult - Physician                                                                                                   2
              Teleconsult - Pulmonologist                                                                                               1
Pathology     Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine                                   1
              Follow-up 6 months later HBA1C / Lipid / BP / Heart Rate                                                                  1

                                                                        Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627
Category                                        Asthma + Hypertension + Diabetes Type 1 / Type 2         No. of Visits
Consultation  Sub Category                                                                                     2
              Teleconsult- Physician                                                                           1
Pathology     Teleconsult - Pulmonologist                                                                      1
              Teleconsult - Endocrinologist                                                                    1
              Onboarding Physical HA includes BMI / BP / RR / HR / HBA1C / Lipid Profile / Creatinine          1
              Follow-up 6 months later HBA1C / Lipid / BP / Heart Rate

Aditya Birla Health Insurance Co. Limited                                                                Registered Office:

Product Name: Activ One, Product UIN: ADIHLIP27048V022627                                                9th Floor, Tower1, One World Centre, Jupiter Mills Compound,
1800 270 7000 | care.healthinsurance@adityabirlacapital.com | www.adityabirlahealthinsurance.com         841, Senapati Bapat Marg, Elphinstone Road, Mumbai 400013.
Trademark/Logo Aditya Birla Capital is owned by Aditya Birla Management Corporation Private Limited and  CIN:U66000MH2015PLC263677
Trademark/logo HealthReturns, Healthy Heart Score and Active Day are owned by Momentum Group Ltd (MGL)   IRDA Registration No. 153
(Formerly known as Momentum Metropolitan Life Limited). These trademark/Logos are being used by
Aditya Birla Health Insurance Co. Limited under licensed user agreement(s).
