One term plan.           Presenting

All the smart
benef its.

      Instant claim
  payout of 3 Lakh

Option to increase life
  cover at important
       milestones

   Flexibility to skip
  premium payment

      for one year
Life is full of surprises -- some good, some unexpected.
ICICI Pru iProtect Smart Plus is a new-age term life
insurance plan that gives your loved ones the financial
security they need, even if you're not around. It's built for the
modern individual who wants to protect their family
without complicating things.

ICICI Pru iProtect Smart Plus is ideal for anyone who
wants complete peace of mind. You can customize the plan
to match your lifestyle, add accidental death cover for extra
protection. It's simple, flexible, and designed to fit your
changing life goals.
Key features

             Enhanced protection: Coverage against death, resonating your life stage
             Comprehensive additional benefits: Option to choose Accidental Death Benefit
             Special premiums rates for non-tobacco users
             Special discount on first year's premium for salaried customers
             Complimentary health management and wellbeing services
             Need based benefit payout: Choose to receive the benefit amount as a lump sum or as monthly
             income for 10 years or a combination of both
             Flexibility to pay premiums once, for a limited period or throughout the policy term
             Flexibility to change the premium payment term from regular to limited pay
             Instant relief up to of 3,00,000 on claim intimation as an accelerated Death Benefit
             Premium Break to support you during financial downturn
             Tax benefits may be applicable on premiums paid and benefits received as per the prevailing
             tax laws
Key benefits for women

               15% discount on premium rates for life cover (Death Benefit) as compared to male lives

How does this plan protect you

You can choose your level of protection by selecting one of the below Plan Variants:

Benefit Option    Benefits

Life              Death Benefit

Life Plus         Death Benefit + Accidental Death Benefit, where the Sum Assured on
                  Death and ADB Sum Assured respectively is set at the time of purchase
                  and doesn't change through the policy term.

Life Rebalancing  Death Benefit + Accidental Death Benefit, where the Sum Assured on
                  Death and ADB Sum Assured respectively varies by policy year.

Your premium will vary depending on the plan variant chosen
Plan Variants

This Policy consist of three plan variants namely Life, Life Plus and Life Rebalancing.. The Plan variant
once chosen cannot be changed during the Policy Term. The benefits payable under this Policy shall
depend upon the Plan variant chosen by You.

1. Life Plan Variant

i. In the event of death of the Life Assured during the Policy Term, We shall pay the Death Benefit to the
   Claimant. This is applicable, provided all due premiums have been paid and the Policy is In Force as on
   the date of death of the Life Assured. Death Benefit payable shall be as per the table mentioned below:

Premium Payment Option  Death Benefit

Regular Pay and         Higher of:
Limited Pay             · 7 times the Annualized Premium; or
                        · 105% of the Total Premiums Paid up to the date of death of the

                              Life Assured; or
                        · the Sum Assured on Death

Single Pay              Higher of:
                        · 125% of the Single Premium or
                        · the Sum Assured on Death

ii. The Death Benefit under Life variant will be paid out as per the Death Benefit Payout Option mentioned
   in the subsequent sections.
2. Life Plus plan variant

i. In the event of death of the Life Assured during the Policy Term, We shall pay the Death Benefit to the
   Claimant. This is applicable, provided all due premiums have been paid and the Policy is In Force as on
   the date of death of the Life Assured. Death Benefit payable shall be as per the table mentioned below:

Premium Payment Option     Death Benefit

Regular Pay and            Higher of:
Limited Pay                · 7 times the Annualized Premium; or
                           · 105% of the Total Premiums Paid up to the date of death; or
                           · Sum Assured on Death

Single Pay                 Higher of:
                           · 125% of the Single Premium or
                           · the Sum Assured chosen by You

ii. The Death Benefit under Life Plus variant will be paid out as per the Death Benefit Payout Option as
   mentioned in subsequent sections.

iii.Under Life Plus variant, if death of Life Assured were to happen due to an Accident during the Policy
   Term, an additional benefit i.e., Accidental Death (AD) Benefit Sum Assured will be paid out to the
   Claimant in lumpsum. The terms and conditions applicable for Accidental Death Benefit are mentioned
   in T&C, clause 3.

       3. Life Rebalancing Option

i. In the event of death of the Life Assured during the Policy Term, Sum Assured on death as applicable for
   the Policy year of death shall be payable by the Company to the Claimant as lump sum.

ii. Additionally, if the death of the Life Assured occurs due to an Accident during the first 10 years of the
   policy term, an additional benefit i.e., Accidental Death Benefit Sum Assured as applicable for the Policy
   year of Death shall be payable by the Company to the Claimant as lumpsum.
iii. From the 11th Policy Year onwards, no Accidental Death Benefit will be payable on the event of death
   of the Life Assured due to an Accident and only the Sum Assured on Death shall be payable by the Company.

iv.Under this variant, the Sum Assured on Death and Accidental Death Benefit ("ADB") Sum Assured will
   be set as a percentage of the chosen Sum Assured as outlined in the table below:

Policy Year of Death  Sum Assured on Death  ADB Sum Assured

                        (Percentage of sum  (Percentage of sum
                          assured chosen)     assured chosen)

            1         25.0%                 75.0%
            2         32.5%                 67.5%
            3         40.0%                 60.0%
            4         47.5%                 52.5%
            5         55.0%                 45.0%
            6         62.5%                 37.5%
            7         70.0%                 30.0%
            8         77.5%                 22.5%
            9         85.0%                 15.0%
           10         92.5%                 7.5%
11th year onwards     100%
                                              0%

v. The Sum Assured on death and the Accidental Death Benefit ("ADB") Sum Assured payable to the
   Claimant shall vary depending on the Policy Year of death of the Life Assured.

vi. The Terms and conditions for Accidental Death Benefit are mentioned in T&C, clause 3.

4. The following conditions are applicable for all the Plan Variants:

a) For all the plan variants, in the event of the death of the Life Assured on the Date of Maturity, then Death
   Benefit shall not be payable and policy shall terminate with all rights and benefits.

b) For Life Plus, in the event the Life Assured meets with an Accident on the Date of Maturity subsequently
   resulting in his death then Accidental Death Benefit Sum Assured is not payable.

c) The Policy shall terminate upon payment of the Death Benefit to the Claimant and all rights, benefits
   and interests under the Policy will stand extinguished.

d) The Death Benefit amount may be taxable as per the prevailing tax laws.
Terminal Illness

· In the event the Life Assured is diagnosed with a Terminal Illness during the Policy Term, for an In-force
   policy, Death Benefit will be payable to the Claimant.

· Terminal Illness Benefit only accelerates the Death Benefit payable under the Policy and is not an
   additional benefit.

· On payment of this benefit, the Policy will terminate and all rights, benefits and interests under the policy
   will stand extinguished.

· A Life Assured shall be regarded as Terminally Ill only if that Life Assured is diagnosed as suffering from
   a condition which, in the opinion of two independent Medical Practitioners specializing in treatment of
   such illness, is highly likely to lead to death within 6 months. The Terminal Illness must be diagnosed and
   confirmed by Medical Practitioners registered with the Indian Medical Association and approved by the
   Company. The Company reserves the right for an independent assessment.

· Terminal Illness Benefit will not be available in case policy is sourced through POS personnel.

Death Benefit payout options

You buy a term plan with an objective that your loved ones lead their lives comfortably without any
financial worries, even in your absence. ICICI Pru iProtect Smart Plus works as a "Life Continuity plan" for
your loved ones by providing the flexibility to take the Death Benefit in a way that meets your family's
financial requirement. The Death Benefit payout option has to be selected by you at Policy inception and
it cannot be changed during the Policy Term.

Under the Life and Life Plus variant, there are four payout options for the Death Benefit payable in the
event of death or diagnosis of Terminal Illness of the Life Assured:

1. Lump Sum Option ­ Entire Death Benefit amount is payable as lump sum.
2. Income Option ­ 10% of the death benefit amount is payable every year for 10 years. This will be paid
   in equal monthly instalments in advance at the rate of 0.83333% of Death Benefit amount. Sum of total
   monthly benefits payable over 10 years is equal to the death benefit amount.

   The Claimant can also advance the first year's income as lump sum. The monthly income will start from
   the subsequent month for 9 years at the rate of 0.80% of the Death Benefit amount.

3. Lump sum and Income Option ­ If this option is chosen then, the death benefit will be paid as
   combination of income and lump sum payout options, where the percentage of death benefit paid out
   as lump sum will have to be chosen at the policy inception. The remaining death benefit amount will be
   paid out in equal monthly instalments in advance at the rate 0.83333% per month over 10 years.

4. Increasing Income Option ­ The Death Benefit amount is payable in monthly instalments for 10 years
   starting with 10% of the benefit amount per annum in the first year. The income amount will increase at
   10% p.a. simple interest every year thereafter. The sum of total monthly benefits payable over 10 years
   is equal to 145% of the Sum Assured on Death.

   At the time intimation of death or Terminal Illness (if applicable) claim and at any time after the start of
   monthly income, the Claimant will have the option to convert the outstanding monthly income into lump
   sum pay out and the Policy will terminate after the lump sum payout. The lump sum amount will be the
   present value of future payouts calculated at a discount rate as given below:

   · At the time of intimation of death or diagnosis of Terminal Illness (if applicable) claim approval:
     6.50% p.a.

   · At any time after the payment of first monthly income: Higher of 6.50% and 10-year Government
     Securities yield, rounded to nearest 0.25%. The yield on 10-year Government Securities will be
     sourced from www.bloomberg.com. This discount rate will be reviewed twice every year on 1st of
     June and 1st of December.
Illustration

For a Death Benefit of  50 lakh, if the payout option selected is:

   1. Lump sum ­  50 lakh is payable

   2. Income option: An income of (50 lakhs x 0.83333%) =  41,667 is payable every month for income
        term of 10 years.

     In case the policyholder chooses the option to advance the first year's income as lump sum for income
     option with income term of 10 years, the payout in the first month will be an amount of  500,000 (=
     12 x  41,667). Payout from the second month will be  40,000(=  50 lakh x 0.80%) every month for
     the remaining 9 years.

   3. Lump Sum and Income Option: If lump sum portion chosen at inception is 50% of the benefit amount
        along with income term of 10 years, then lump sum of  25 lakh will be payable and monthly income
        of  20,833 is payable every month for 10 years.

   4. Increasing income option - the monthly payout in year 1 will be  41,667, in year 2 will be  45,833
        and so on.

In the above scenario where the payout option of Increasing income option is chosen at inception and the
beneficiary chooses to convert the outstanding monthly income to lump sum pay out at the time of
intimation of death claim or terminal illness (if applicable), the monthly payout as mentioned in point 2
above will be discounted at 6.50%. The present value of future payouts calculated at a discount rate of
6.50% will be equal to  52,01,700. This lump sum payout will be paid to the beneficiary, and the policy
will be terminated.
Life stage protection

Responsibilities change with time and your protection cover should match those responsibilities. If your
policy is a Regular pay policy, ICICI Pru iProtect Smart Plus offers the flexibility to increase the level of
protection of Life Assured at key life stages of his/ her marriage, disbursement of home loan and child
birth/ adoption of child, as below.

Event                      Maximum Additional Sum Assured (percentage of original Sum Assured)

Marriage                   50%

Birth / Legal adoption of 1st child 25%

Birth / Legal adoption of 2nd child 25%

Disbursement of Home Loan  100%

Additional Premium will be calculated based on the increased Sum Assured and outstanding policy term
as per age of Life Assured at the time of each such increase. For further details, refer to clause 2 in Terms
& conditions.
Eligibility conditions

For Life Plan Variant

 Premium      Premium Payment        Minimum/Maximum Policy Term               Minimum/Maximum
 Payment               Term                                                         age at entry
  Options             Single
 Single Pay*                                        5 years / 20 years         18/65 years
Regular Pay   Equal to policy term       5 years / 85 years less age at entry  18/65 years
                                      Whole Life (99 years less age at entry)  18/65 years
Limited Pay       5, 7, 15 years        10 years / 85 years less age at entry  18/65 years
                                      10 years / 85 years less age at entry
                     10 years         Whole Life (99 years less age at entry)  18/55 years
                                      10 years / 85 years less age at entry
                     Up to 60        Whole Life (99 years less age at entry)
                   years of age

For Life Plus Variant

 Premium       Premium Payment       Minimum/Maximum Policy Term               Minimum/Maximum
 Payment                Term                                                        age at entry
  Options
                        Single                  5 years / 20 years             18/65 years
 Single Pay*   Equal to policy term  5 years / 85 years less age at entry      18/65 years
Regular Pay     5, 7, 10, 15 years   10 years / 85 years less age at entry     18/65 years
                                     10 years / 85 years less age at entry     18/55 years
Limited Pay   Up to 60 years of age
For Life Rebalancing Variant

 Premium     Premium Payment         Minimum/Maximum Policy Term            Minimum/Maximum
 Payment              Term                                                       age at entry
  Options
                     Single                     15 years / 20 years         18/45 years
 Single Pay                          15 years / 85 years less age at entry  18/45 years
             Equal to policy term
Regular Pay

Limited Pay    5, 7, 10, 15 years    15 years / 85 years less age at entry  18/45 years
                          &

             up to 60 years of age

*For Single Pay Option, the maximum maturity age is 75 years.

Policies sourced under POS:

· Life / Life Plus: The available policy term will be in multiple of 1 year between minimum and maximum
   policy term up to age of 65 years.

· Life Rebalancing: Not Applicable

Accidental Death Benefit  Minimum: . 1,00,000
                          Maximum: 3 times of the Sum Assured chosen by you
                          at the inception, subject to a maximum limit as per
                          the Board Approved Underwriting Policy

Accidental Death Benefit  ADB Sum Assured shall equal to the Sum Assured on Death.
for policies sourced      Accordingly, the maximum absolute Sum Assured permitted for such
through POS               policies will be as per the Board Approved Underwriting Policy

Minimum Sum Assured       . 50,00,000

Maximum Sum Assured       Unlimited

Mode of Premium Payment Single, Yearly, Half-yearly and Monthly
Safeguard your Family's future in 3 steps

      1                          2                                       3

Decide the amount of     Enhance your policy by selecting       Choose your policy term and
 protection you need    from the optional benefits such as         premium payment term
                       Accidental Death Benefit (Life Plus
                      plan variant) and Critical Illness cover

                           (through ICICI Pru Non-linked
                           Health Protect Rider) or other
                        optional covers, as made available

                                     through riders.

Illustration

Illustration 1

Priya is a 32 years old marketing consultant, who runs a small consultancy firm. She has availed a loan for
buying a house. Realising the need for protection in her fast-paced life, Priya wants to be well prepared for
unforseen circumstances in life. ICICI Pru iProtect Smart Plus, Life Plus Variant through online mode which will
provide the perfect solution for her.

Ms. Priya buys a 1Cr life cover             Ms. Priya passes away due to
  with 1Cr of Accidental Death             an accident­ Claimant receives
 cover for 30 years. She pays a             2 Cr as Death Benefit payout.
                                            On payment of Death Benefit,
regular premium of 16,799 p.a.
                                               the policy will terminate.

Age

     0.....1.....2 ..........................................................9.....10......11.....12.....13.....14................................................................................28......29......30

Jan 15, 2025                                                                                  Jan 14, 2055

              Life cover of  1 Cr + Accidental Death Cover of 1cr throughout the policy term

                                                          Total Premiums Paid= 2,35,186^
                                            ^Taxes (if any) will be charged extra, as per applicable rates/

Note: In above illustration, it is assumed that premiums for that policy year have been paid before occurrence of contingency.
Maturity or paid-up or survival benefit

There is no maturity, paid-up value or survival benefit available under this product.

Surrender

Surrender benefit is not applicable under this Policy.

Policy Cancellation Value

On policy Policy Cancellation , Policy Cancellation Value equal to Unexpired risk premium value will be
payable to You:

   a) For Single Pay, upon the Policyholder applying for the same during the policy term; or
   b ) For Other than Single Pay, upon the Policyholder applying for the same during the policy term, or at

        the end of revival period if the policy is not revived, whichever is earlier.
Single Pay
For a Policy bought as a Single Pay, then the Unexpired risk premium value = 25% x [1 ­ (Policy Month of
cancellation ­ 1)/ (Policy Term x 12)] x Total Premiums Paid.
Limited Pay
For a policy bought as a Limited Pay at inception,
a. If one full year's premium is not paid, then the Unexpired risk premium value = 0.
b. If one full year's premium has been paid, and You have not exercised the option to change premium

     payment term from Regular pay to Limited Pay then the Unexpired risk premium value = 25% x
     [Number of months for which premiums are paid / (Premium Payment Term x 12)] x [1 ­ (Policy Month
     of cancellation ­ 1)/ (Policy Term x 12)] x Total Premiums Paid.
Regular Pay
a. For a policy bought as a Regular Pay at inception and the policyholder never exercised the option to change
      premium payment term from Regular Pay to Limited Pay, then the Unexpired risk premium value = 0
b. For a policy bought as a Regular Pay at inception and the policyholder has exercised the option to
     change premium payment term from Regular Pay to Limited Pay.
     · If one full year's premium is not paid post the effective date of change in premium payment term,
        then the Unexpired risk premium value = 0.
     · If one full year's premium has been paid post the effective date of change in premium payment term,
        then the Unexpired risk premium value = 25% x A x [1 ­ B / C] x D, Where,
     "A" is [Number of months for which premiums are paid post change in Premium Payment Term /
     (Outstanding Premium Payment Term (in months) from the effective date of change in Premium
     Payment Term)]
     "B" is (Policy Month of Cancellation­ Completed Months before the effective date of change in
     Premium Payment Term ­ 1)
     "C" is Outstanding Policy Term (in months) from the effective date of change in Premium Payment Term
     "D" is Total Premiums Paid from the effective date of change in Premium Payment Term
     On payment of Policy Cancellation Value, the policy will terminate and all rights, benefits and
     interests under the policy will stand extinguished.

Smart Exit Benefit

i. You have an option to cancel the Policy and receive Smart Exit Benefit, equal to Total Premiums Paid*
      under the policy.

ii. The Smart Exit Benefit shall become payable subject to the fulfillment of all the below mentioned
     conditions:

     a. This option can be exercised only after the 25th policy year but not during the last 5 Policy Years.

     b. The age of the life assured is 60 years or more at the time of exercise.

     c. The policy is in-force with all due premiums paid at the time of exercising this option.

     d. If You exercised the option to change premium payment term, this option can be exercised only after
        3 policy years have elapsed from the effective date of the change in premium payment term.
     e. No claim for any of the underlying benefits has been registered and is under evaluation/accepted/
        or paid/being paid on the policy/riders.

     f. The policy is not in the Premium Break Period.

iii. The Policy shall terminate on payment of this benefit (if exercised) and all rights, benefits and interests
     under this Policy will stand extinguished. You can either opt for Smart Exit Benefit or Policy
     Cancellation Value / Unexpired Risk Premium Value mentioned under Policy Cancellation clause, i.e.
     both the Smart Exit Benefit and Policy Cancellation Value cannot be availed simultaneously.

**For Smart Exit benefit: Total Premiums Paid means the total of all premiums received, excluding any
extra premium, any rider premium and paid taxes, cesses and levies, etc. if any. Where Life Stage
Protection options has been exercised, Total Premiums Paid includes Premium paid for each tranche of
additional sum assured purchased.

Premium Break

Under this feature, You can avail a Premium Break under the product for a period of 12 months
commencing from the policy anniversary for which Premium Break has been opted ("Premium Break
Period").

a. If Opted by You, then during the Premium Break Period, the Deferred Amount due and payable will be
     postponed till the next Policy Anniversary. However, during this Period insurance cover under this
     Policy and Rider(s) (if any) will continue as per the applicable terms and conditions.

b. On the happening of the Insured Event during the Premium Break Period, the Claimant will receive
     the eligible claim amount under the Policy or Rider (if applicable) after deducting all the
     Deferred Amount.

c. This benefit option is available subject to the following additional terms and conditions:

d. To be eligible for Premium Break, the Policy must be In-force and the Premiums must have been paid
     for a minimum of five Policy Years from the Date of Commencement of Risk.

e. A written request is received from You at least 30 days (15 days in case of monthly mode policy) in
     advance from the Policy Anniversary each time You intend to opt for the above benefit.
f. If this features is chosen then all due premiums will have to be paid till the commencement of the
     Premium Break Period.

g. If any Premium (including the rider(s) premium, applicable taxes, cesses and levies, etc. If any) remains
     unpaid with no request for Premium Break, the policy (including rider(s), if any), will lapse at the end
     of the Grace Period.

h. This option can be availed multiple times during the Premium Payment Term. However, there should
     be a gap of at least 5 Policy Years between two Premium Break Periods within the Premium
     Payment Term.

     Illustration: if you opt for this benefit in the 6th policy year for the first time, the second Premium Break
     will be available to be exercised after 5 years, i.e. In the 12th policy year, provided the Premium
     Payment Term extends beyond 12 years.

i. The Premium Break will not be available during the last 3 Policy Years of the Premium Payment Term.

j. The benefit is available for only for Limited and Regular Pay premium payment options.

k. The Deferred Amount along with the next due Premium is to be paid within the Grace period
     applicable for the premium due at the next Policy Anniversary after the commencement of the
     Premium Break Period to ensure continuance of the risk cover under the policy.

l. Illustration 2: for an annual mode of premium payment frequency policy, if Premium Break is exercised
     in the 6th policy year, then at the end of Premium Break period, the policyholder must pay the due
     amounts for the previous policy year (6th policy year) along with the next due premium (within the
     Grace period of the next premium due at the beginning of the 7th policy year). For monthly mode of
     premium payment frequency policy, if Premium Break is exercised in the 6th policy year, then at the
     end of Premium Break period, the policyholder must pay the due amounts (i.e 12 months premium) for
     the previous policy year (i.e 6th policy year) along with the next due premium (within the Grace period
     of the next premium due i.e at the beginning of the 7th policy year).

m. During the Premium Break Period, the Deferred Amount can be paid any time without necessarily
     have to wait for this period to come to an end. In this case, the Premium Break shall terminate and You
     shall be required to pay the future instalment Premiums on their respective due dates.

n. In the event, the above outstanding amount (Deferred amount + next due Premium) is not paid within
     the Grace Period applicable for the premium due at the next Policy Anniversary after the
     commencement of Premium Break Period, the Policy (including Rider(s), if any) will lapse and the cover
     will cease. We shall be entitled to recover such dues from benefits that may become payable under
     the Policy or Rider(s) if any.

Mr. Kumar is a 35 year old, healthy, non-smoker, male, running his own clinic in Mumbai. He opts for ICICI
Pru iProtect Smart Plus Life Plus, Life Plus variant with a life cover of 1Cr for 30 years. He chose to pay
the premiums for 10 years.

Mr. Kumar buys a 1 Cr life cover with    Mr. Kumar opts for Premium Break
 1Cr of Accidental Death cover for 30  30 days before paying the 7th remium.

  years. Mr. Kumar pays premium of      Hence, He will be paying 7th as well
           44,664 for 10 years                as 8th premium on the next
                                                     policy anniversary

Year
         0.......1........2............................6.............................9.....10......11.....12.....13.....14.......................................................................28......29......30

Jan 15, 2025                                                                                  Jan 14, 2055

              Life cover of 1 Cr + Accidental Death Cover of 1 Cr throughout the policy term
                                 Total Premiums Paid= 4,44,660^

                      ^Taxes (if any) will be charged extra, as per applicable rates.

During the above Premium Break Period, You may cancel the Policy anytime, however, the Policy
Cancellation Value, if any, will be first adjusted towards the Deferred Amount and the remaining amount,
if any, shall be paid to You.

Insta Payment on claim intimation

In the event of the death of the Life Assured and upon subsequent receipt of intimation of the death claim
(with required supporting documents) by the Company, the Company shall pay an accelerated Death
Benefit of 3,00,000/- (Rupees Three Lakhs only). This accelerated Death Benefit shall be processed by
the Company within one working day from the claim registration date. The feature is applicable only for
those policies with a Sum Assured greater than or equal to 1,00,00,000/- (Rupees One Crore only).

For more information on the Insta payment, refer to clause 4 of T&C.
Health Management and Well-being Services

The Life Assured will get access to a carefully curated suite of inbuilt Health Management and Well-being
Services ("Services"). These inbuilt Services are applicable only if the policy is in force with all due
premiums paid to date. The Life Assured can enjoy these inbuilt Services from our ICICI PruLife Customer
App. These services are complementary and offered at no additional cost to the policyholder.

Service Availability:

· These services are for the exclusive benefit of the Life Assured and must be availed only in India. In case
   the Life Assured and Policyholder are different, services will be available to Life Assured only.

· The details and the list of Services and the service providers will be as mentioned in the ICICI Pru Life
   Customer app. Life Assured should check the above-mentioned app of the Company for the updated list
   of Services. The list of services will also be provided on the ICICI Prudential Website.

· These Services shall be directly provided by third party service provider(s) as per their prevailing terms
   and conditions. The Company merely acts as a facilitator of these services to Life Assured.

· The company shall not be liable for any services or actions of the third-party service providers including
   but not limited to deficiency in services / malpractices / negligence / lapses or otherwise.

· The Life Assured may exercise at their own discretion to avail the Services and/or follow the course of
   treatment suggested by the service provider.

· For ongoing health concerns, the Company always recommends consulting directly with your Medical
   Practitioner.

· The Company reserves the right to discontinue these Services or change the service provider (s)
   without any further intimation and at any time.

· The services shall be accessible for a fixed duration, as defined by the Company or for the policy term,
   whichever is lower.

· The services can be availed (subject to availability) after the completion of free look period of 30 days
   provided the policy is in-force premium paying or fully paid-up at the time of availing the service.
Eligibility & Communication:

Eligibility of services is determined based on the Company's prevailing Board-approved Underwriting
Policy (BAUP) and may be periodically reviewed.

Caution against Fraudulent Activity:

a. The use of the wellness benefits under the policy shall be with good intent and integrity. The Life
Assured and / or the Policyholder shall not encourage, indulge or act in connivance with any person
involved in any fraudulent activity regarding the use of the benefits under the policy, whether directly or
indirectly, for generating personal revenue. The Life Assured and the Policyholder agree to not use the
platform or the services provided therein for generating personal gain or any commercial / public use,
directly or indirectly, whatsoever.

b. An act may be defined as a fraudulent activity as per Company/ service provider's internal policies
subject to extant laws. Such acts may include but are not limited to any misrepresentations, concealment
of facts and furnishing of incorrect information by the Life Assured and/or Policyholder.

c. In the event of any fraudulent activity being carried out, the Company/ service provider shall be entitled
to seek any and all remedies available under law. Additionally, the service provider shall permanently
suspend the use of the benefits under the policy, and not honour any service request, including any
pending requests.

d. Any fraud or misrepresentation identified will cease Health Management & Wellbeing services. The
base policy benefits shall continue and any Premiums due will continue to be payable on the respective
due dates.
Change in Premium Payment Term

i. This option is applicable only for a Regular Pay Policy. If You have chosen for a Regular Pay Policy at
   inception then You have an option to convert Your Policy to a Limited Pay Policy provided three full Policy
   Years' Premiums have been paid by You.

ii. The revised Premium Payment Term must coincide with one of the Premium Payment Term options
   available at the point of sale.

iii.Once opted such change will be made effective from the next Policy Anniversary date, provided all
   Premium(s) due till the effective date have been paid.

iv. On exercising the option, You will have to pay an additional Premium for the revised Premium Payment Term.

v. This option cannot be exercised for Policies where Rider/s have been chosen at the time of purchase of
   the Policy.

vi.The altered Premium Payment Term will be offered in accordance with the Board-approved
   Underwriting Policy of the Company.

Salaried customer discount

A discount as mentioned below, will be offered on first year's premium of Death Benefit, (excluding rider
premiums, underwriting extra premiums and taxes) to salaried customers:

Premium Payment Option  Discount
Single Pay              0%
Limited Pay             15%
Regular Pay             12.5%
Terms & Conditions

1 Free look period:                                              events (each event can be exercised only once) are
                                                                 mentioned below:
On receipt of the Policy document whether received
electronically or otherwise, You have an option to review the    Event                      Maximum Additional
Policy terms and conditions. If You are not satisfied or have                               Sum Assured
any disagreement with the terms and conditions of the Policy                                (percentage of
or otherwise and has not made any claim, the Policy                                         original Sum Assured)
document needs to be returned to the Company with reasons
for cancellation within 30 days from the date of receipt of the  Marriage                   50%
Policy document.
                                                                 Birth / Legal adoption of 1st child 25%
On cancellation of the policy during the free look period, we
will return the premium paid subject to the deduction of:        Birth / Legal adoption of 2nd child 25%

   a. Proportionate risk premium for the period of cover,        Disbursement of Home Loan  100%

   b. Stamp duty paid under the policy,                          iv. On exercising this option, You will have to pay an
                                                                       additional Premium for the additional Sum Assured for
   c. Expenses borne by the Company on medical                         the outstanding Policy Term based on the Life
      examination, if any                                              Assured's then attained age as on last birthday basis.
                                                                       Hence the future premium payable by You on
The policy shall terminate on payment of this amount and all           exercising this option will be the sum of original
rights, benefits and interests under this policy will stand            Premium and additional Premium(s). The applicable
extinguished.                                                          The applicable taxes will be taken separately, as per
                                                                       applicable rates.
2 Life stage protection:
                                                                 v. No additional processing fee is chargeable for
This feature is available only if you have chosen Life or Life         this option.
Plus plan variant and Regular Pay payment option. This
feature is not available if you have exercised the option to     vi. Upon opting for this feature, Your Premium will be
convert the policy into a Limited Pay option.                          recalculated based on the increased Sum Assured and
                                                                       outstanding Policy Term.
   i. If Your policy is a Regular Pay Policy, You can choose to
      increase the Sum Assured at the key milestones of Life     vii. This feature is subject to the following terms
      Assured such as his/ her marriage, child birth/ adoption         and conditions:
      of child and/ or disbursement of home loan, provided the
      Policy is In force.                                           a) Minimum Policy Term (which is 5 years) available at the
                                                                       time of exercising this feature.
   ii. The Sum Assured can be increased on any one or all of
      the below events during the Policy Term subject to            b) Age of the Life Assured as on Date of Maturity should
      underwriting as per the Board-approved underwriting              be less than or equal to 85 years
      policy.
                                                                    c) The Life Assured being less than 50 years of age at the
   iii. The maximum additional Sum Assured (applicable for             time of the event.
      Death Benefit) that can be availed under the named
                                                                    d) Total Sum assured after increase shall not exceed the
                                                                       lower of the maximum additional Sum Assured under
                                                                       the product and that permitted as per the Board
                                                                       Approved Underwriting Policy.
      e) If any rider is attached to the Policy and a claim on any       vi. The Policy must be in In Force as on the date of
         of the riders has been intimated to the Company during             the Accident.
         the Policy Term, then this option cannot be exercised.
                                                                         vii.Upon payment of the Accidental Death Benefit to the
      f) The Company reserves its right to not increase the Sum             Claimant, the Policy will terminate and all rights, benefits
         Assured or offer a reduced Sum Assured as per the                  and interests under the Policy will stand extinguished.
         Board Approved Underwriting Policy.
                                                                          4 Insta Payment on Claim Intimation
   viii. Such increase in Sum Assured needs to be exercised
         within 6 months of the event and will be effective from         In the event of the death of the Life Assured and upon
         the next Policy Anniversary when the additional                 subsequent receipt of intimation of the death claim (with
         premium also becomes due to be paid for the first time.         required supporting documents) by the Company, the
                                                                         Company shall pay an accelerated Death Benefit of
   ix. Under Life Plus variant, the AD Benefit Sum Assured                3,00,000/- (Rupees Three Lakhs only). This accelerated
         will remain unchanged throughout the Policy Term                Death Benefit shall be processed by the Company within one
         even if the Policyholder exercises this feature.                working day from the claim registration date. The feature is
                                                                         applicable only for those policies where the Sum Assured is
3 Accidental Death Benefit:                                              greater than or equal to Rs. 1,00,00,000/- (Rupees One Crore
                                                                         only). The supporting documents required are listed in Policy
i. In the event of the Life Assured's death due to an Accident,          Document, Part F, Clause 10.
   where both Accident and death occurs during the Policy
   Term (for Life Plus plan variant) or first 10 years of Policy         It is clarified that any payment under this clause shall be made
   Term (for Life Rebalancing plan variant), the Accidental              upon the Company being satisfied with respect to the validity,
   Death Benefit Sum Assured will be payable by Us as a lump             enforceability and genuineness of the documents submitted
   sum subject to the terms and conditions below.                        along with the intimation of death claim.

ii. This is an additional benefit and will be paid in addition to        Post payment of the above accelerated death benefit, as
   the Death Benefit.                                                    applicable, in case upon completion of the evaluation or
                                                                         investigation of the claim records, the death claim is found to
iii. The Accident shall result in bodily injury or injuries to the Life  be payable, the Company will pay the Claimant the remaining
   Assured independently of any other means. Such injury or              applicable Death Benefit. However, in case, after the
   injuries shall, within 180 days of the occurrence of the              evaluation or investigation of the claim records, it is found that
   Accident, directly and independently of any other means               the death claim is not payable to the Claimant owning to any
   cause the death of the Life Assured before the expiry of the          reason whatsoever, the Claimant shall refund the entire
   Policy Term. However, for Life Plus, this benefit will be             amount paid towards accelerated death benefit within 7 days
   payable even if death occurs beyond the Policy Term                   of receipt of communication.
   provided the Accident occurs within the Policy Term and the
   death is within 180 days of date of the Accident.                     The Company's decision on the claim shall be final and binding
                                                                         on the Claimant. In case the Claimant fails to refund the
iv. For Life Rebalancing plan variant, in case of an Accident            accelerated Death Benefit, the Company reserves it's right to
   occurring in 10th Policy Year and death of Life Assured               initiate legal proceedings for recovery of the accelerated
   happens in 11th Policy Year, Accidental Death Benefit will            Death Benefit.
   not be payable even if the death has happened within 180
   days of the Accident.                                                 The payment of the applicable Death Benefit shall be subject
                                                                         to the final outcome of the evaluation or investigation of the
v. In the event of the death of the Life Assured after 180 days          claim records. The payment of the accelerated Death Benefit
   of the occurrence of the Accident, the Company shall not be           shall in no event be considered as acceptance or admission of
   liable to pay the Accidental Death Benefit.                           death claim under the policy by the Company.

                                                                         This inbuilt feature is available subject to following conditions:
   1. This accelerated death benefit, as applicable, is not             intentional self-inflicted injury or acts of self-destruction.
      payable in case of death during the first three policy years
      from the date of commencement of risk or that from the         · Death caused by congenital external diseases, defects or
      date of revival the policy whichever is later.                    anomalies or in consequence thereof

   2. In the event of death of the Life Insured during the           · Death arising out of or attributable to foreign invasion,
      Premium Break Period (if opted in), the Company will first        act of foreign enemies, hostilities, warlike operations
      deduct the Deferred Amount from above applicable                  (whether war be declared or not or while performing
      accelerated death benefit and pay the balance, if any.            duties in the armed forces of any country during war or at
                                                                        peace time), participation in any naval, military or
   3. In case the policyholder has opted for a Death Benefit            air-force operation, civil war, Riot, public defense,
      Payout Option whereby a part or the whole of the death            rebellion, revolution, insurrection, military or
      benefit is payable in monthly instalments, this                   usurped power.
      accelerated death benefit amount will be the lowest of:
                                                                     · Death caused by treatment directly arising from or
      a. monthly income applicable in the first month as per the        consequent upon any Life Assured committing or
         Death Benefit Payout Option chosen at Policy                   attempting to commit a breach of law.
         Inception
                                                                     · Death caused by Alcohol or Solvent abuse or taking of
      b. amount payable as lumpsum (as per the Death Benefit            Drugs, narcotics or psychotropic substances unless taken
         Payout Option at Policy Inception), and                        in accordance with the lawful directions and prescription
                                                                        of a registered medical practitioner.
      c.  300,000.
                                                                     · Death caused by participation of the Life Assured in any
   4. Policy is in force at the time of death.                          flying activity, except as a bona fide, fare-paying
                                                                        passenger of a recognized airline on regular routes and
   5. This benefit is not applicable in case of Terminal Illness.       on a scheduled timetable.

 5 Exclusions                                                        · Death of the Life Assured whilst engaging in a speed
                                                                        contest or racing of any kind (other than on foot), bungee
5.1 Waiting period for Death Benefit for policies sourced               jumping, parasailing, ballooning, parachuting, skydiving,
through POS:                                                            paragliding, hang gliding, mountain or rock climbing
                                                                        necessitating the use of guides or ropes, potholing,
   a. In the event of death of the Life Assured during the first        abseiling, deep sea diving using hard helmet and
      90 days from the Date of Commencement of Risk                     breathing apparatus, polo, snow and ice sports in so far
      ("Waiting Period"), then no Death Benefit shall be                as they involve the training for or participation in
      payable.                                                          competitions or professional sports, or involving a naval,
                                                                        military or air force operation.
   b. In case of a death of the Life Assured during the Waiting
      Period, the Company will refund all premiums paid              · Death caused by engagi ng in hazardous sports /
      (including modal loading but excluding all paid taxes,            pastimes, i.e., taking part in (or practicing for) boxing,
      cesses and levies, etc. if any) and the Policy will terminate     caving, climbing, horse racing, jet skiing, martial arts,
      with immediate effect.                                            mountaineering, off piste skiing, pot holing, power boat
                                                                        racing, underwater diving, yacht racing or any race, trial
   c. No Waiting Period applies where death of the Life                 or timed motor sport.
      Assured is due to an Accident.
                                                                     · Death arising from or caused by ionizing radiation or
5.2 For Life Plus and Life Rebalancing variants, the                    contamination by radioactivity from any nuclear fuel
following exclusions shall be applicable for Accidental                 (explosive or hazardous form) or resulting from or from
Death Benefit (applicable for POS and Non- POS)                         any other cause or event contributing concurrently or in

   · Death caused due to Suicide or attempted Suicide,
any other sequence to the loss, claim or expense from any             8 Grace period:
nuclear waste from the combustion of nuclear fuel,
nuclear, chemical or biological attack.                              If You are unable to pay an instalment Premium by the due
                                                                     date, you will be given a grace period of 15 days for payment
o Chemical attack or weapons means the emission,                     of due instalment Premium if You have chosen monthly
   discharge, dispersal, release or escape of any solid,             frequency, and 30 days for payment of due instalment
   liquid or gaseous chemical compound which, when                   Premium if You have chosen any other frequency, commencing
   suitably distributed, is capable of causing any Illness,          from the premium due date. The life cover continues during the
   incapacitating disablement or death.                              grace period. In case of death of Life Assured during the grace
                                                                     period, We will pay the applicable Death Benefit.
o Biological attack or weapons means the emission,
   discharge, dispersal, release or escape of any                    In case of death of Life Assured due to an accident during the
   pathogenic (disease producing) microorganisms                     grace period, applicable Accidental Death Benefit will be
   and/or biologically produced toxins (including                    payable. Grace period is applicable for Regular Pay and
   genetically modified organisms and chemically                     Limited Pay only.
   synthesized toxins) which are capable of causing any
   Illness, incapacitating disablement or death.

6 Tax benefits:                                                      9 Limited pay option:

Tax benefits may be available as per prevailing tax laws. Tax        Premiums need to be paid only for the chosen premium
benefits under the policy are subject to prevailing conditions       payment term. Once premiums have been paid for the
and provisions of the Income Tax Act, 2025. Taxes, if any, will be   premium payment term, the policy benefits will continue for
charged extra as per applicable rates. The tax laws are subject      the term of the policy.
to amendments made thereto from time to time. Please consult
your tax advisor for details                                         10 Premium discontinuance:

 7 Suicide clause:                                                   If the premium is not paid either on the premium due date or
                                                                     within the grace period, all benefits under this policy
If the Life Assured, whether sane or insane, commits suicide         will cease.
within 12 months from the date of commencement of risk of this
Policy, the Company will refund higher of 80% of the total           11 Lapse:
premiums paid, if any till the date of death or Policy Cancellation
Value as available on date of death, provided the policy             If any Premium Instalment is not paid within the Grace Period,
is in force.                                                         then the Policy shall lapse, and the cover will cease. If the
                                                                     Policy is not revived within the Revival Period, then the Policy
In the case of a revived Policy, if the Life Assured, whether sane   Cancellation value (if applicable, computed as on date of
or insane, commits suicide within 12 months of the date of           premium discontinuance), if any, shall become payable on the
revival of the Policy, higher of 80% of the total premiums paid, if  earliest of the following events:
any till date of death or Policy Cancellation Value as available     a. Event of death or diagnosis of Terminal Illness (if
on date of death will be payable by the Company.                     applicable), whichever happens first, of the Life Assured
The Policy will terminate on making such a payment and all           within the Revival Period,
rights, benefits and interests under the Policy will stand
extinguished.
b. End of the Revival Period, and                                          Underwriting policy) shall be restored.
                                                                     13. No loans are allowed under this policy.
c. Date of Maturity
                                                                     14 Modal loadings:
Post payment of such Policy Cancellation Value (if any), then
the Policy shall foreclose and all rights and benefits under the
Policy shall stand extinguished.

12 Policy revival:                                                   Loadings for various modes of premium payment are given
                                                                     below:

A policy which has lapsed for non- payment of premium within         Mode of Premium Payment  Loading (as a % of Premium)
the Grace Period may be revived subject to underwriting and          Monthly                  5%
the following conditions:                                            Semi-Annual              2%
                                                                     Annual                   NA
   · An application for revival is made within 5 years from the
      due date of the first unpaid premium and before the date       15. If the Policyholder and Life Assured are different, then
      of maturity of the policy.                                     upon death of the Policyholder and subsequent intimation of
                                                                     the death with the Company, the policy shall vest on the Life
   · Revival will be based on the prevailing Board approved          Assured. Thereafter, the Life Assured shall become the
      underwriting policy. The Company reserves the right to call    Policyholder and will be entitled to all benefits and subject to
      for additional documents for the purpose of Revival.           all liabilities as per the terms and conditions of the policy. The
                                                                     Life Assured cum Policyholder can register due nomination as
   · You furnish, at his own expense, satisfactory evidence of       per Section 39 of the Insurance Act, 1938 as amended from
      health of the Life Assured as required by us.                  time to time.

   · The arrears of premiums together with interest at such          16 Nomination Requirements:
      rate as We may charge for late payment of premiums are
      paid. Revival interest rates will be set monthly and is        Nomination in the Policy will be governed by Section 39 of the
      equal to 1.50% plus the prevailing yield on 10 year            Insurance Act, 1938, as amended from time to time. For more
      Government Securities. The yield on 10 year Government         details on this section, please refer to our website.
      Securities will be sourced from www.bloomberg.com.The
      revival interest rate applicable in August 2026 is 6.95 %      17 Assignment Requirements:
      p.a. compounded half yearly.
                                                                     Assignment in the Policy will be governed by Section 38 of the
   · The revival interest rate will be reviewed on the 15th day of   Insurance Act 1938, as amended from time to time. For more
      every month by the company based on the 10-year G-Sec          details on this section, please refer to our website.
      yield of one day prior to such review.
                                                                     18 Section 41:
   · The revival of the policy may be on terms different from
      those applicable to the policy before it lapsed; for example,  In accordance to the Section 41 of the Insurance Act 1938, as
      extra mortality premiums or charges may be applicable          amended from time to time, no person shall allow or offer to
      subject to our Board approved underwriting policy.             allow, either directly or indirectly, as an inducement to any
                                                                     person to take or renew or continue an insurance in respect of
   · We reserve the right to not revive the policy. In that case,    any kind of risk relating to lives or property in India, any rebate
      only the premiums paid (if any) towards the revival of the     of the whole or part of the commission payable or any rebate of
      Policy shall be refunded without any interest.                 the premium shown on the policy,

   · The revival will take effect only if it is specifically
      communicated by Us to the You.

   · On revival of a lapsed policy, the lower of the Sum Assured
      as applicable on the date of premium discontinuance or as
      approved during revival (following Board Approved
nor shall any person taking out or renewing or continuing a            such decision to repudiate the policy of life insurance is based:
policy accept any rebate, except such rebate as may be allowed         Provided further that in case of repudiation of the policy on the
in accordance with the published prospectuses or tables of             ground of misstatement or suppression of a material fact, and
the insurer.                                                           not on the ground of fraud, the premiums collected on the policy
                                                                       till the date of repudiation shall be paid to the insured or the
Any person making default in complying with the provisions of          legal representatives or nominees or assignees of the insured
this section shall be punishable with fine which may extend to         within a period of ninety days from the date of such repudiation.
ten lakh rupees.                                                       5) Nothing in this section shall prevent the insurer from calling
                                                                       for proof of age at any time if he is entitled to do so, and no
19 Section 45 of the Insurance Act, 1938,                              policy shall be deemed to be called in question merely because
                                                                       the terms of the policy are adjusted on subsequent proof that
          as amended from time to time                                 the age of the Life Insured was incorrectly stated in the
                                                                       proposal.
1) No policy of life insurance shall be called in question on any
ground whatsoever after the expiry of three years from the date        20. The product is also available for sale through online mode.
of the policy, i.e., from the date of issuance of the policy or the
date of commencement of risk or the date of revival of the policy      21 Policy Servicing and Grievance
or the date of the rider to the policy, whichever is later. 2) A
policy of life insurance may be called in question at any time                   Handling Mechanism:
within three years from the date of issuance of the policy or the
date of commencement of risk or the date of revival of the policy      For any clarification or assistance, You may contact Our
or the date of the rider to the policy, whichever is later, on the     advisor or call Our customer service representative (between
ground of fraud: Provided that the insurer shall have to               10.00 a.m. to 7.00 p.m, Monday to Saturday; excluding
communicate in writing to the insured or the legal                     national holidays) on the numbers mentioned on the reverse of
representatives or nominees or assignees of the insured the            the Policy folder or on Our website: www.iciciprulife.com. For
grounds and materials on which such decision is based. 3)              updated contact details, We request You to regularly check
Notwithstanding anything contained in sub-section (2), no              Our website. If You do not receive any resolution from Us or if
insurer shall repudiate a life insurance policy on the ground of       You are not satisfied with Our resolution, You may get in touch
fraud if the insured can prove that the mis-statement of or            with Our designated grievance redressal officer (GRO) at
suppression of a material fact was true to the best of his             gro@iciciprulife.com or 1800-2660.
knowledge and belief or that there was no deliberate intention
to suppress the fact or that such mis-statement of or                  Address:
suppression of a material fact are within the knowledge of the         ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited,
insurer: Provided that in case of fraud, the onus of disproving        Unit 901A & 901B, 9th Floor, Prism Towers
lies upon the beneficiaries, in case the policyholder is not alive.    Mindspace Link Road, Goregaon West, Mumbai-400104.
4) A policy of life insurance may be called in question at any
time within three years from the date of issuance of the policy or     For more details, please refer to the "Grievance Redressal"
the date of commencement of risk or the date of revival of the         section on www.iciciprulife.com. If You do not receive any
policy or the date of the rider to the policy, whichever is later, on  resolution or if You are not satisfied with the resolution
the ground that any statement of or suppression of a fact              provided by the GRO, You may escalate the matter to Our
material to the expectancy of the life of the insured was              internal grievance redressal committee at the address
incorrectly made in the proposal or other document on the basis        mentioned below:
of which the policy was issued or revived or rider issued:
Provided that the insurer shall have to communicate in writing         ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Co. Ltd.
to the insured or the legal representatives or nominees or             Unit 901A & 901B, 9th Floor, Prism Towers
assignees of the insured the grounds and materials on which            Mindspace Link Road, Goregaon West,
                                                                       Mumbai- 400104, Maharashtra.
If you are not satisfied with the response or do not receive a        Policyholders' Protection and Grievance Redressal
response from us within 15 days, you may approach                     Department ­ Grievance Redressal Cell
Policyholders' Protection and Grievance Redressal
Department, the Grievance Cell of the Insurance Regulatory            Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India
and Development Authority of India (IRDAI) on the following
contact details:                                                      Survey No. 115/1, Financial District, Nanakramguda,
                                                                      Gachibowli,
IRDAI Grievance Call Centre (BIMA BHAROSA SHIKAYAT
NIVARAN KENDRA)                                                       Hyderabad, Telangana State ­ 500032

      155255 (or) 1800 4254 732                                       You can also register your complaint online at
      Email ID: complaints@irdai.gov.in                               bimabharosa.irdai.gov.in.
      You can also register your complaint online at
      bimabharosa.irdai.gov.in                                  This is subject to change from time to time.

      Address for communication for complaints by fax/paper:    Refer
                                                                https://www.iciciprulife.com/services/grievance-redressal.html
                                                                for more details
                                            About ICICI Prudential Life Insurance

       ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited is a joint venture between ICICI Bank Limited and Prudential
       Corporation Holdings Limited, a part of the Prudential group. ICICI Prudential began its operations in Fiscal 2001 after
       receiving approval from Insurance Regulatory Development Authority of India (IRDAI) in November 2000.
       ICICI Prudential Life Insurance has maintained its focus on offering a wide range of savings and protection products
       that meet the different life stage requirements of customers.

                                                               For more information:
                                Customers calling from any where in India, please dial 1800 2660

                                            Do not prefix this number with "+" or "91" or "00"
                                                 Call Centre Timings: 10.00 am to 7.00 pm

                                             Monday to Saturday, except National Holidays.
                                             To know more, please visit www.iciciprulife.com

               ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Regn. No. 105. CIN: L66010MH2000PLC127837.

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited. Registered Address: ICICI PruLife Towers, 1089, Appasaheb Marathe Marg,
Prabhadevi, Mumbai - 400025. The product brochure is indicative of the terms & conditions, warranties & exceptions contained
in the insurance policy. For further details, please refer to the policy document. In the event of conflict, if any between the terms
and conditions contained in this brochure and those contained in the policy documents, the terms & conditions contained in the
policy document shall prevail. Trade Logo displayed above belongs to ICICI Bank Limited & Prudential IP Services Limited and
used by ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited under license. ICICI Pru iProtect Smart Plus: Form No.:T74, T75.
UIN: 105N205V07. Advt No.:L/II/1148/2026-27.

                                                     BEWARE OF SPURIOUS / FRAUD PHONE CALLS!
            IRDAI is not involved in activities like selling insurance policies, announcing bonus or investment of premiums.

                                   Public receiving such phone calls are requested to lodge a police complaint.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                UIN-V07/Sept26
