ReAssure 2.0

Prospectus cum Sales Literature

1. Policy Design
    1.1. ReAssure 2.0 can be issued to individual customer(s) or to a family with up to 5 children (refer to as family floater).
    1.2.This policy covers persons in the age group 91 days and above. The minimum entry age for adult is 18 years and for dependent child is
          91 days. The maximum entry age limit for adults in this product is 99 years. The maximum entry age allowed for dependent child is 30
          years.
    1.3. There is no maximum cover ceasing age on renewals.
    1.4. Relationships allowed can be self, spouse, mother, father, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son, daughter, employer, employee.
    1.5. In an Individual policy and a family floater, maximum up to 6 members can be included in a single policy.
    1.6. Family Discount: 10% discount on premium if 2 or more members are covered under an individual policy.
    1.7. Term discount: The default policy term for all plans is one year. Two year and three year policy term options are also available under
          the product. The level of discount is as below:
          1.7.1. 2 year term: 10% on the premium for second policy year
          1.7.2. 3 year term: 15% on the premium for third policy year + 7.5% on the premium for second policy year
          1.7.3. Term Discount is not applicable if premium is paid via Monthly, Half Yearly or Quarterly Instalments.
    1.8. Staff Discount: A discount of 10% on the policy premium (inception & renewals) to Niva Bupa employees
    1.9. Standing Instruction Discount: 2.5% discount on premium if standing instruction for renewal is provided and the policy is renewed
          using the same.
    1.10. Doctor Discount: 5% discount on premium if an Insured Person is a certified Medical Practitioner. The discount is applied on Individual
          premium in individual plans and on the floater policy premium in floater plans.
    1.11. Digital Discount: 5% digital discount at the time of buying the policy and subsequent renewals, through our website.
    1.12. Live Healthy: up to 30% Discount at renewals.
    1.13. First Step towards Health Insurance Discount: A discount will be applied at new business only, for those policies that are new to
          health insurance (excludes policies that come as port, migration and renewals).
          1.13.1. 1 year term: 7% discount
          1.13.2. 2 year term: 3.5% discount
          1.13.3. 3 year term: 2.5% discount
    1.14. Early Renewal Discount: 2.5% d iscount on premium if you renew with us early. Either of Stand ing Instruction or Early Renewal
          discount will be given.
    1.15. The premium rates for the plans offered are annexed hereto with the prospectus.

                                      Product Name: ReAssure 2.0: Product UIN: NBHHLIP27054V032627
2. Coverage Options

    Sum Insured options from INR 5 Lakh to INR 1 Crore. The details of the benefits are specified in the product benefit table.

    Sum Insured(s)

    The product offers you so much more! More benefits, More options and More Sum Insured. Sum Insured will be utilized as per

    following sequence in event of any claim:
     1. Base Sum Insured
    2. Booster+ Sum Insured
    3. Safeguard / Safeguard+ Sum Insured
    4. ReAssure+/ReAssureX
3. Benefits available under the policy.
    Different benefits have different limits or Sum Insured. A limit or Sum Insured is our maximum liability (basically this is the maximum
    claim we will pay) under the benefit. These limits & Sum Insured will be mentioned in your Policy Schedule.
    3.1. Expenses in reaching a Hospital

          3.1.1. Road Ambulance: We will pay you up to Sum Insured.

          3.1.2. Air Ambulance: Only in case of Emergency. Maximum INR 2,50,000 per hospitalization.

          Note: This will be paid only if claim for hospitalization is paid by us. You must always use a registered ambulance / air ambulance
          provider.

    3.2. Expenses during Hospitalization

          3.2.1. We will pay the expenses incurred by you on treatment (Naturally this excludes expenses not linked to treatment like food,
                    beverage, toiletries and cosmetics). We don't limit your choice. Choose the room you like, but choose judiciously to protect
                    your Sum Insured.
                    · Medical Expenses for in-patient Hospitalization incurred on treatment under Ayurveda, Yoga, and Naturopathy, Unani,
                        Siddha and Homeopathy systems of medicines in an AYUSH Hospital is payable up to the sum assured as specified in
                        the policy schedule.
                        Claims under Yoga and Naturopathy system of treatment will be payable subject to prior approval from the Company.
                    · Admitted for 2 hours or more (minimum 24 hours for AYUSH treatment in a AYUSH Hospital)

          Note:
            · We will NOT pay, even if you were hospitalized, if there was no treatment and only investigations were done.
                Examples: MRI, CT Scan, Endoscopy, Colonoscopy etc.

            · We will NOT pay for Automation machine for peritoneal dialysis

            · We will pay for Invasive Angiography even though it is an investigation. But we will not pay for non-invasive
                angiography like CT angiogram

            · Cataract: We will pay only for Mono-focal Lens for Sum Insured up to 10 lacs.

3.2.2. We pay for Modern treatments as specified below:

1. Uterine Artery      2. Immunotherapy-                 3. Vaporisation of the  4. Stem cell therapy:
    Embolization                                                                     Hematopoietic stem cells
    and HIFU (High     Monoclonal Antibody to prostrate (Green laser                 for bone marrow transplant
    intensity focused                                                                for haematological
    ultrasound)        be given as injection             treatment or holmium        conditions

5. Balloon Sinuplasty                                    laser treatment)        8. Stereotactic radio Surgeries

9. Deep Brain          6. Oral Chemotherapy              7. Robotic surgeries    12. IONM - (Intra Operative
    stimulation        10. Intra vitreal injections                                  Neuro Monitoring)
                                                         11. Bronchical
                                                           Thermoplasty

Product Name: ReAssure 2.0: Product UIN: NBHHLIP27054V032627
3.3. Expenses before and after hospitalization (Pre & Post hospitalization)

     We will pay expenses incurred on consultations, medicines, physiotherapy, diagnostic tests for 60 days before the date of admission
     and 180 days after date of discharge IF these are related to the condition for which hospitalization claim is paid.

3.4. Home Care / Domiciliary Treatment
     Home Care Treatment means treatment availed by the insured person at home which in normal course would require care and
     treatment at a hospital but is actually taken at home provided that:

     3.4.1. The medical practitioner advices the insured person to undergo treatment at home
     3.4.2. There is continuous active line of treatment with monitoring of health status by a medical practitioner for each day through

               the duration of the home care treatment

     3.4.3. Daily monitoring chart including records of treatment administered duly signed by the treating doctor is maintained
     Note:
      · We will pay for Pre & Post hospitalization benefit as per section 3.3 for Home Care / Domiciliary Treatment.

      · We pay for peritoneal dialysis, Chemotherapy taken at home.
      · We d o NOT pay for any Med ical & ambulatory d evices used at home (like Pulse Oxymeter, BP monitors, Sugar monitors,

          automation device for peritoneal dialysis, CPAP, BiPAP, Crutches, wheel chair etc.)

3.5. Organ donor
     If you ever undergo an organ transplant, we will pay the hospitalization expenses of the donor for harvesting the organ, ONLY when
     your Hospitalisation claim is paid.

     If you d onate any of your organs, we will pay for the expenses for harvesting the organ from you. We respect this noble d eed .
     Remember, organ donation saves many lives.
3.6. Annual Health Checkup
     Available once every Policy Year, from day 1 of the policy. You can choose any test(s) from the list specified below up to your eligibility
     limit. The tests MUST be booked through our digital assets (e.g. Mobile App). This benefit is available ONLY on cashless and no re-
     imbursement is allowed

List of tests covered:                Complete Physical Examination by       Serum Electrolytes
                                      Physician
Complete blood count (CBC)
                                      Post prandial/lunch blood sugar (PPBS  HbA1C
Urine Routine & Microscopic           / PLBS)

Erythrocyte Sedimentation Rate (ESR)  Uric Acid                              Thyroid function test
Fasting Blood sugar (FBS)
Electrocardiogram (ECG)               Lipid Profile                          Liver Function Test (LFT)
X Ray chest
Mammogram                             Kidney function test                   Treadmill test (TMT) OR 2 D ECHO
PAP smear
                                      Serum Vitamin D                        Ultrasound test (USG)

                                      Colonoscopy (for >50 year olds)        Serum calcium

Note:

If you undergo multiple tests, make sure that all these are done within 7 days. Unutilized amount will not be carried forward to next
policy year.

Product Name: ReAssure 2.0: Product UIN: NBHHLIP27054V032627
3.7. ReAssure+

     3.7.1. ReAssure "Forever": Enjoy unlimited Sum Insured. The first paid claim in the life of the policy triggers ReAssure "Forever".
               Once Triggered it stays for life, provided that the policy is renewed without break.

Note:
a. Maximum amount ReAssure+ pays for any single claim is up to Base Sum Insured.
b. We will consider a claim, if it is paid under the following: Expenses in reaching a Hospital, Expenses during Hospitalization,

    Expenses before and after hospitalization, Home Care / Domiciliary Treatment, Organ Donor.
c. Expenses in reaching a Hospital and Expenses before and after hospitalization for the 1st ever hospitalization will be treated as the

    1st claim itself.

Illustration:
Year 1: Once the Policy is bought.

Base Sum 1st paid  ReAssure+ is Balance       2nd      Claim amount       Balance                  3rd Pay-     Claim amount
Insured Claim                                 payable  paid               Base Sum                 able claim   paid
                   triggered (Equal Base Sum  claim                       Insured
10 Lakh 7 Lakh                                         12 Lakh                                     11 Lakh      10 Lakh from
                   to Base Sum Insured        12 Lakh                     Nil                                   ReAssure+
                                                       (3 Lakh from
                   Insured)          3 Lakh            Base Sum
                                                       Insured and
                                                       9 Lakh from
                                                       ReAssure+

Year 2: Once the policy is renewed:

Base ReAssure+                       Balance  2nd      Claim amount  Balance                       3rd Payable  Claim amount
Sum is already 1st Claim Paid        Base     payable  paid          Base                          claim        paid
Insured triggered                    Sum      claim                  Sum
                                     Insured                         Insured

10 Lakh 10 Lakh    15 Lakh           Nil      12 Lakh 10 Lakh        Nil                           10 Lakh      10 Lakh from
                                                                                                   ReAssure+    ReAssure+
                   10 Lakhs from                       ReAssure+
                   Base Sum                                                                                     (this 10 Lakh
                   Insured and                                                                                  will trigger un-
                   5 Lakhs from                                                                                 limited times)
                   ReAssure+

3.7.2. Lock the Clock: Your age is locked at entry when you buy the policy, till a claim is paid.

E.g. if you buy the policy at 25 years, you will keep paying the premium applicable for a 25 year old at each renewal, till a
claim is paid in the policy. Post the claim is paid, the premium charged will be as per your current age and will continue to
change as per the age slabs at each renewal.

                   Product Name: ReAssure 2.0: Product UIN: NBHHLIP27054V032627
Note:

· In case of multi tenure policies, the premium for the entire tenure will be charged as per the entry age. No additional premium will
    be charged In the middle of the tenure in case of claims.

    At the time of renewal (in case of a claim), the premium will be charged as per the current age of the consumer at renewal.

· If you add a member to the floater plan, then the premiums will be charged as per the entry age of the eldest member and will
    lock the premium at that age, till a claim is paid.

· If you add a member to an individual plan and convert it into a Floater plan, then the premiums will be charged as per the entry
    age of the eldest member and will lock the premium at that age, till a claim is paid.

      · If the eldest member is no longer part of the Floater plan, then the Floater premium will be calculated as per the original entry age
          of the eldest member in the policy amongst the remaining members and lock at that age, till a claim is paid.

      · If a floater plan, splits into multiple policies, then we will carry forward the locked age at which the floater policies were taken by
          individuals (as per the claim history) in the policies carried forward, till a claim is paid.

      · In a multi individual policy, the age will unlock only for the individuals who claim.

      · In a floater policy, if a claim is paid for anyone in the plan then we will unlock the age for the entire policy.

      · We will consider a claim, if a claim is paid under the following: Expenses in reaching a Hospital, Expenses during Hospitalization,
          Expenses before and after hospitalization, Home Care / Domiciliary Treatment, Organ Donor

3.8. ReAssureX
     Enjoy unlimited Sum Insured. The first paid claim in the life of the policy triggers ReAssure "Forever". Once Triggered it stays for life,
     provided that the Policy is renewed without break.

     Note:
      a. Maximum amount ReAssureX pays for any single claim is up to Base Sum Insured.
      b. We will consider a claim, if it is paid under the following: Expenses in reaching a Hospital, Expenses during Hospitalization,

          Expenses before and after hospitalization, Home Care / Domiciliary Treatment, Organ Donor.
      c. Expenses in reaching a Hospital and Expenses before and after hospitalization for the 1st ever hospitalization will be treated as the

          1st claim itself.

      Illustration:
      Year 1: Once the Policy is bought.

Base Sum 1st paid  ReAssureX is    Balance   2nd      Claim amount  Balance      3rd Pay-    Claim amount
Insured Claim        triggered     Base Sum  payable  paid          Base Sum     able claim  paid
                                   Insured   claim                  Insured
10 Lakh 7 Lakh     (Equal to Base                     12 Lakh                    11 Lakh     10 Lakh from
                   Sum Insured)    3 Lakh    12 Lakh                Nil                      ReAssureX
                                                      (3 Lakh from
                                                      Base Sum
                                                      Insured and
                                                      9 Lakh from
                                                      ReAssureX

                   Product Name: ReAssure 2.0: Product UIN: NBHHLIP27054V032627
Year 2: Once the policy is renewed:

Base ReAssureX                       Balance  2nd       Claim amount  Balance  3rd Payable  Claim amount
                                     Base     payable   paid          Base     claim        paid
Sum Sum             1st Claim Paid   Sum      claim                   Sum
                                     Insured                          Insured               10 Lakh from
Insured Insured                                                                             ReAssureX

10 Lakh 10 Lakh 15 Lakh              Nil      12 Lakh 10 Lakh         Nil      10 Lakh      (this 10 Lakh
                                                                                            will trigger
                    10 Lakhs from                       ReAssureX              ReAssureX    unlimited
                      Base Sum                                                              times)
                     Insured and

                    5 Lakhs from
                     ReAssureX

3.9. Booster+

Don't lose what you don't use.

Unutilized Base Sum Insured carries forward. Maximum it will accumulate up to 3/5/10 times (based on the plan you have chosen) of
the Base Sum Insured.

Example: If you have chosen Base Sum Insured of INR 10 lakh and Titanium+ Variant, then at the end of 10 years (if you have made
no claims in these years) you will have

1.10 Crore Sum Insured (that is 10 Lakh base + 1 Crore Booster+). Don't forget that you would have the Safeguard / Safeguard+
(this is a great benefit. You must choose it) and ReAssure "Forever" (in case of claim) over and above the 1.10 Crore.

That's 11 times of Sum Insured than what you paid for.

Note:

· If you convert an Individual Sum Insured policy in any manner, into a floater plan, then the least of the Booster+ Sum Insured of
    individual insured members will be carried forward to the floater plan.

· If a floater plan, splits into multiple policies, then the Booster+ Sum Insured of floater plan will be carried forward to the split
    policies, provided the Base Sum Insured is not reduced.

· If you reduce the Base Sum Insured, Booster+ Sum Insured will be proportionately reduced. Let's say if you reduce the current INR
    10 lakh Sum Insured to INR 5 lakh, your Booster+ Sum Insured will be halved.

· You can and should regularly increase Sum Insured of your Health insurance policy. Medical inflation is a reality and current Sum
    Insured will fall short in future for advanced treatments. When you enhance your Sum Insured, the accumulated Booster+ Sum
    Insured will continue and grow even more (remember Booster+ is up to maximum 3/5/10 times (based on the plan you have
    chosen) of the Base Sum Insured. Higher the Base Sum insured higher the Booster+ Sum Insured ).

3.10. Live Healthy

Simply walk and earn up to 30% discount at renewal, by downloading the recommended mobile App and get your Health points. 1000
steps will help you earn one health point!

Note: Discount is on the individual's premium in Individual plan and on Floater Policy Premium in Floater plans. Discount will be
considered only for Insured's 18 years and above.

Renewal discount is computed based on the health score on 90 days before the due date of renewal. These points are not lost and will
be considered for the next policy year.

                    Product Name: ReAssure 2.0: Product UIN: NBHHLIP27054V032627
Policy Period: 1 year

Policy   End of 9       Points at the      Points     Total points    Discount on renewal premium (Renewal
                        end of 9 months    in next 3  considered for  policy start date 1st April 2024)
Start Date months       (A)                months     discount (A
                                           (B)        + B) from 2nd   NOTE: Discount applicable on the member's
                        This will be                  Policy Period   premium in Individual sum insured policies
                        considered for                onwards         and on the Policy premium in case of Floater
                        discount on the
                        first renewal.

                                                                      Individual sum insured policy      Floater
                                                                      and Floater policies with 1 Adult  policies with
                                                                                                         more than 1
                                                                                                         Adult

1 April  31st December Up to 1500                                     0%                                 0%
2023     2023

                          1501 ­2250                                  5%                                 2.5%
                          2251 ­ 3000
                          3001 ­ 3750                                 15%                                7.5%
                          >=3751
                                                                      20%                                10%

                                                                      30%                                15%

Policy Period: 2 years  Points at the end  Points     Total points         Discount on renewal premium
                        of 21 months (A)   in next 3  considered for       (Renewal policy start date 1st April
 Policy End of 21                          months     discount (A + B)     2025)
 Start Date months      This will be       (B)        from 2nd Policy
                        considered for                Period onwards
                        discount on the                                    NOTE: Discount applicable on the
                        first renewal.                                     member's premium in Individual sum
                                                                           insured policies and on the Policy
                                                                           premium in case of Floater

                                                                           Individual sum insured        Floater
                                                                           policy and Floater            policies with
                                                                           policies with 1 Adult         more than 1
                                                                                                         Adult

1 April  31st December  Up to 3000                                         0%                            0%
2023     2024
                        3001 ­ 4500
                        4501 ­ 6000                                        5%                            2.5%
                        6001 ­ 7500
                        >=7501                                             15%                           7.5%

                                                                           20%                           10%

                                                                           30%                           15%

                        Product Name: ReAssure 2.0: Product UIN: NBHHLIP27054V032627
Policy Period: 3 years

Policy               End of 33 months Points at the end         Points      Total points      Discount on renewal premium
                                                                in next 3   considered for    (Renewal policy start date 1st
Start Date                          of 33 months (A)            months (B)  discount (A + B)  April 2026)
                                                                            from 2nd Policy
                                    This will be                            Period onwards    NOTE: Discount applicable
                                    considered for                                            on the member's premium in
                                    discount on the                                           Individual sum insured policies
                                    first renewal.                                            and on the Policy premium in
                                                                                              case of Floater

                                                                                              Individual sum   Floater
                                                                                              insured policy   policies with
                                                                                              and Floater      more than 1
                                                                                              policies with 1  Adult
                                                                                              Adult

1 April              31st December  Up to 4500                                                0%               0%
2023                 2025

                                    4501 ­ 6750                                               5%               2.5%

                                    6751 ­ 9000                                               15%              7.5%

                                    9001 ­ 11250                                              20%              10%

                                    >=11251                                                   30%              15%

3.11. Shared accommodation Cash Benefit

     If you opt for a shared room (for which hospitalization claim is paid), we will pay an additional amount for each day's hospitalization.
     One day is considered as 24 continuous hours of hospitalization.

3.12. Second Medical Opinion

     Once in a Policy year, you can choose to take a second medical opinion from any Medical Practitioner for which we have paid a claim
     under expenses during hospitalization.. Through our partners we can help you get a second opinion from some of the most reputed
     doctors in the country.

3.13. e-Consultation
     You can take Unlimited e-consultations from our Partners.

Optional Benefit:
3.14. Hospital Cash

We will pay for an Insured, an additional fixed amount for each day's hospitalization for maximum up to 30 days. One day is considered
as 24 continuous hours of hospitalization.

Note: we will pay if you were hospitalized for 48 hours or more continuously.

3.15. Personal Accident
     3.15.1. Accidental Death (AD)
               In event of unfortunate demise of the insured within 365 days from the date of the Accident, within the Policy Period, we will
               pay the Sum Insured.
     The Personal accident benefit will terminate after the Accidental Death benefit is paid for.

                        Product Name: ReAssure 2.0: Product UIN: NBHHLIP27054V032627
3.15.2.  Permanent Total Disability

         If the Insured Person suffers Permanent Total Disability, within 365 days from the date of the Accident, within the Policy
         Period, we will pay the benefit as per the below Table

         Condition for Permanent Total Disability      % of Accidental Death Sum Insured
         Complete & Irrecoverable loss of :

         · Any 2 Limbs                                                                                  125%

         · Sight of both eyes

         · Speech & hearing of both Ears

         · Combination of One Limb & Sight of One Eye

         Complete & Irrecoverable loss of :

         · 1 Limb                                                                                       50%

         · Sight of 1 Eye

         a. Complete & Irrecoverable loss of limb means physical separation or complete loss of functionality of the limb, within 365
             days from the date of the Accident. This will include Paralysis including Paraplegia, Quadriplegia with loss of functional
             use of limb.

The Personal accident benefit will terminate after the Permanent Total Disability benefit is paid for.

3.15.3. Permanent Partial Disability

         a. If the Insured Person suffers a Permanent Partial Disability, within 365 days from the date of the Accident, within the
             Policy Period, we will pay the benefit as per the below Table.

         Condition for Permanent Partial Disability    % of Accidental Death Sum Insured
         Each arm at the shoulder joint                                 70%
         Each arm to a point above elbow joint                          65%
         Each arm below elbow joint                                     50%
         Each hand at the wrist                                         50%
         Each Thumb                                                     20%
         Each Index Finger                                              10%
         Each other Finger                                              5%
         Each leg above center of the femur                             70%
         Each leg up to a point below the femur                         65%
         Each leg to a point below the knee                             50%
         Each foot at the ankle                                        40%
         Each big toe                                                   5%
         Each other toe                                                 2%
         Each eye                                                       50%
         Hearing in each ear                                            30%
         Sense of smell                                                 10%
         Sense of taste                                                 5%

                   Product Name: ReAssure 2.0: Product UIN: NBHHLIP27054V032627
         b. If a Permanent Partial Disability loss is not mentioned in the table above, then we will internally assess the degree of
             disablement and determine the amount of payment to be made.

         c. If there is more than one Permanent Partial Disability loss, then the total claim amount put together for all losses will not
             exceed the total Accidental Death Sum Insured opted. Once Total Sum Insured is paid, the policy will lapse.

3.16. Safeguard

3.16.1. Claim Safeguard : We will cover non-payable items mentioned in `List I ­ Expenses not covered ' of Annexure I'.
          Clause 2.1.37 of policy wordings for Reasonable and Customary Charges will still apply.

3.16.2. Booster+ Safeguard: Booster+ will not be impacted if the total claim in a policy year is up to INR 50,000

3.16.3. Sum Insured Safeguard: Preserves the value of Sum Insured. Safeguards it against inflation. We will increase the Base Sum
          Insured on cumulative basis at each renewal by the rate of inflation in the previous year. Inflation rate would be the average
          consumer price index (CPI) of the entire calendar year published by the Central Statistical Organization (CSO).

Note: You will lose all accumulated Sum Insured Safeguard if you opt out of this benefit at any point in time.

3.17. Safeguard+

3.17.1. Claim Safeguard+: We will cover non-payable items mentioned in `List I,II,III,IV of Annexure I'. Clause 2.1.37 of policy
          wordings for Reasonable and Customary Charges will still apply.

3.17.2. Booster+ Safeguard+: Booster+ will not be impacted if the total claim in a policy year is up to INR 1,00,000.

3.17.3.  Sum Insured Safeguard+: Preserves the value of Sum Insured. Safeguards it against inflation. We will increase the Base Sum
         Insured on cumulative basis at each renewal by the rate of inflation in the previous year. Inflation rate would be the average
         consumer price index (CPI) of the entire calendar year published by the Central Statistical Organization (CSO).

Note: You will lose all accumulated Sum Insured Safeguard+ if you opt out of this benefit at any point in time.

Note: You can either choose Safeguard or Safeguard+ at a given point in time.

3.18. Annual Aggregate Deductible

This is an aggregate amount in a year that is incurred by you on Expenses in reaching a Hospital, Expenses during Hospitalization,
Expenses before and after hospitalization, Home Care / Domiciliary Treatment, Organ Donor, which we will NOT pay. Once the total
expense exceeds this amount, balance we will pay.

Note:

a. Deductible amount borne by you should also be payable as per policy terms and conditions.

b. Ded uctible will NOT apply to Annual Health Check-up, Live Healthy, Second Med ical Opinion, Shared Accommod ation
    Cash, e-consultation, Personal Accident, Hospital Daily Cash benefits.

3.19. Co-Payment:

It is the percentage of admissible claim amount You would have to bear, Rest we will pay.

Note: Co-payment will NOT apply to Annual Health Check-up, Live Healthy, Second Medical Opinion, Shared Accommodation Cash,
e-consultation, Personal Accident, Hospital Daily Cash benefits.

3.20. Pre-Existing Disease Waiting Time Modification

You can choose to reduce or increase the Pre-Existing Disease waiting time.

3.21. Room Type Modification

You can as per your lifestyle, choose to change the room category we are offering, and opt for what suits you best!

You may choose between a Single Private Room and a Sharing Room based on your needs. Irrespective of the Room type you
choose, ICU admission will always be paid up to Base Sum Insured.

                           Product Name: ReAssure 2.0: Product UIN: NBHHLIP27054V032627
4. Exclusions
    4.1. Standard Exclusions
          4.1.1. Pre-existing Diseases (Code­Excl01):
                    a. Expenses related to the treatment of a Pre-existing Disease (PED) and its direct complications shall be excluded until the
                        expiry of 36 months of continuous coverage after the date of inception of the first Policy.
                    b. In case of enhancement of Sum Insured the exclusion shall apply afresh to th extent of Sum Insured increase.
                    c. If the Insured Person is continuously covered without any break as defined under the portability norms of the extant
                        IRDAI (Insurance Products) Regulations, 2024 then waiting period for the same would be reduced to the extent of prior
                        coverage.
                    d . Coverage und er the Policy after the expiry of 36 months for any Pre-existing Disease is subject to the same being
                        declared at the time of application and accepted by Us.
          4.1.2. Specified disease/procedure waiting period (Code- Excl02)
                    a. Expenses related to the treatment of the listed conditions, surgeries/treatments shall be excluded until the expiry of
                        24 months of continuous coverage after the date of inception of the first Policy. This exclusion shall not be applicable
                        for claims arising due to an Accident (covered from day 1) or Cancer (covered after 30-day waiting period).
                    b. In case of enhancement of Sum Insured the exclusion shall apply afresh to the extent of Sum Insured increase.
                    c. If any of the specified disease/procedure falls und er the waiting period specified for pre-Existing d iseases, then the
                        longer of the two waiting periods shall apply.
                    d. The waiting period for listed conditions shall apply even if contracted after the Policy or declared and accepted
                        without a specific exclusion.
                    e. If the Insured Person is continuously covered without any break as defined under the applicable norms on portability
                        stipulated by IRDAI then waiting period for the same would be reduced to the extent of prior coverage.
                    f. List of specific diseases/procedures:
                       i. Pancreatitis and stones in biliary and urinary system
                       ii. Cataract, glaucoma and retinal detachment
                       iii. Hyperplasia of prostate, hydrocele and spermatocele
                       iv. Prolapse uterus or cervix, endometriosis, Fibroids, Polycystic ovarian d isease (PCOD), hysterectomy (unless
                            necessitated by Malignancy)
                       v. Hemorrhoids, fissure, fistula or abscess of anal and rectal region
                       vi. Hernia of any site or type,
                       vii. Osteoarthritis, joint replacement, osteoporosis, systemic connective tissue disorders, inflammatory
                            polyarthropathies, Rheumatoid Arthritis, gout, intervertebral disc disorders, arthroscopic surgeries for ligament
                            repair
                       viii. Varicose veins of lower extremities
                       ix. All internal or external benign neoplasms/ tumours, cyst, sinus, polyps, nodules, mass or lump
                       x. Ulcer, erosion or varices of gastro intestinal tract
                       xi. Surgical treatment for d iseases of mid d le ear and mastoid (includ ing otitis med ia, cholesteatoma, perforation of
                            tympanic membrane), Tonsils and adenoids, nasal septum and nasal sinuses

                                     Product Name: ReAssure 2.0: Product UIN: NBHHLIP27054V032627
4.1.3. 30-day waiting period (Code- Excl03):
         a. Expenses related to the treatment of any Illness within 30 d ays from the first Policy commencement d ate shall be
              excluded except claims arising due to an Accident, provided the same are covered.

         b. This exclusion shall not, however, apply if the Insured Person has continuous coverage for more than twelve months

         c. The within referred waiting period is made applicable to the enhanced Sum Insured in the event of granting higher Sum
              Insured subsequently.

4.1.4. Investigation & Evaluation (Code-Excl04)
         a. Expenses related to any admission primarily for diagnostics and evaluation purposes only are excluded.

         b. Any diagnostic expenses which are not related or not incidental to the current diagnosis and treatment are
              excluded.

          c. Expenses towards any treatment which are not Medically Necessary Treatment, shall not be payable

4.1.5. Rest Cure, rehabilitation and respite care (Code-Excl05)
          Expenses related to any admission primarily for enforced bed rest and not for receiving treatment. This also includes:

         a. Custodial care either at home or in a nursing facility for personal care such as help with activities of daily living such as
              bathing, dressing, moving around either by skilled nurses or assistant or non-skilled persons.

         b. Any services for people who are terminally ill to address physical, social, emotional and spiritual needs.

4.1.6. Obesity/ Weight Control (Code-Excl06)
          Expenses related to the surgical treatment of obesity that does not fulfil all the below conditions:

         a. Surgery to be conducted is upon the advice of the Doctor.
         b. The surgery/Procedure conducted should be supported by clinical protocols.
          c. The member has to be 18 years of age or older and;
         d. Body Mass Index (BMI);

             i. greater than or equal to 40 or
             ii. greater than or equal to 35 in conjunction with any of the following severe co-morbidities following failure of

                 less invasive methods of weight loss:
                  1. Obesity-related cardiomyopathy
                 2. Coronary heart disease
                  3. Severe Sleep Apnea
                 4. Uncontrolled Type2 Diabetes
4.1.7. Cosmetic or plastic Surgery (Code-Excl08)
          Expenses for cosmetic or plastic surgery or any treatment to change appearance unless for reconstruction following an
          Accident, Burn(s) or Cancer or as part of medically necessary treatment to remove a direct and immediate health risk to the
          insured. For this to be considered a medical necessity, it must be certified by the attending Medical Practitioner.

4.1.8. Hazardous or Adventure sports (Code-Excl09)
          Expenses related to any treatment necessitated due to participation as a professional in hazardous or adventure sports,
          includ ing but not limited to, para-jumping, rock climbing, mountaineering, rafting, motor racing, horse racing or scuba
          diving, hand gliding, sky diving, deep-sea diving.

4.1.9. Breach of law (Code-Excl10)
          Expenses for treatment directly arising from or consequent upon any Insured Person committing or attempting to commit a
          breach of law with criminal intent.

                           Product Name: ReAssure 2.0: Product UIN: NBHHLIP27054V032627
     4.1.10. Excluded Providers (Code-Excl11)
               Expenses incurred towards treatment in any Hospital or by any Medical Practitioner or any other provider specifically excluded
               by Us and disclosed in Our website / notified to the Policyholders are not admissible. However, in case of life threatening
               situations or following an Accident, expenses up to the stage of stabilization are payable but not the complete claim.
               The complete list of excluded providers can be referred to on our website.

     4.1.11. Treatment for, alcoholism, drug or substance abuse or any addictive condition and consequences thereof. (Code-Excl12)
     4.1.12. Treatments received in heath hydros, nature cure clinics, spas or similar establishments or private beds registered as a nursing

               home attached to such establishments or where admission is arranged wholly or partly for domestic reasons. (Code-Excl13)
     4.1.13. Refractive Error (Code-Excl15)

               Expenses related to the treatment for correction of eye sight due to refractive error less than 7.5 dioptres.
     Note: Less than 7.5 Diopter means a power of eye either >7.5 Dioptre for Hypermetropia or far sightedness (say +7.75 Dioptre) or < 7.5
     Dioptre for Myopia or near sightedness (say -7.75 Dioptre).
     4.1.14. Unproven Treatments (Code-Excl16)

               Expenses related to any unproven treatment, services and supplies for or in connection with any treatment. Unproven
               treatments are treatments, procedures or supplies that lack significant medical documentation to support their effectiveness.
     4.1.15. Sterility and Infertility (Code-Excl17)
               Expenses related to sterility and infertility. This includes:
               a. Any type of contraception, sterilization
               b. Assisted Reproduction services including artificial insemination and advanced reproductive technologies such as IVF,

                   ZIFT, GIFT, ICSI
               c. Gestational Surrogacy
               d. Reversal of sterilization
     4.1.16. Maternity Expenses (Code-Excl18)
               a. Medical treatment expenses traceable to childbirth (including complicated deliveries and caesarean sections incurred

                   during Hospitalization) except ectopic pregnancy;
               b. Expenses towards miscarriage (unless due to an Accident) and lawful medical termination of pregnancy during the Policy

                   Period.
4.2. Specific Exclusions

     4.2.1. Personal Waiting Period
               Conditions specified for an Insured Person under Personal Waiting Period will be subject to a Waiting Period of up to 48
               months from the inception of the First Policy with Us.

     4.2.2. Conflict & Disaster:
               Treatment for any Injury or Illness resulting d irectly or ind irectly from nuclear, rad iological emissions, war or war like
               situations (whether war is declared or not), rebellion (act of armed resistance to an established government or leader), acts
               of terrorism.

     4.2.3. External Congenital Anomaly:
               Screening, counseling or treatment related to external Congenital Anomaly.

                                 Product Name: ReAssure 2.0: Product UIN: NBHHLIP27054V032627
4.2.4. Dental treatment:
          All dental treatments unless due to accidents and cancers. Dental treatments are those which are provided by a dentist with
          BDS, MDS degree.

4.2.5. Unrecognized Physician or Hospital:
         a. Treatment or Medical Advice provided by a Medical Practitioner not recognized by the Medical Council of India or by
              Central Council of Indian Medicine or by Central council of Homeopathy.

         b. Treatment provided by anyone with the same residence as an Insured Person or who is a member of the Insured
              Person's immediate family or relatives.

          c. Treatment provided by Hospital or health facility that is not recognized by the relevant authorities in India.

4.2.6. Costs which are not Reasonable and Customary and treatments which are not Medically Necessary. Refer Definition 2.1.38
          (Policy Wordings) for Reasonable and Customary Charges.

4.2.7. Artificial life maintenance for the Insured Person who has been declared brain dead or in vegetative state

5. General Terms and Clauses                                                                          Simplified for you
                                                                                                      Free look is a 30 days period during
    5.1. Standard General Terms and Clauses                                                           which you can return back your
                                                                                                      policy, if you don't like what you have
          5.1.1. Free Look Period                                                                     purchased.

                    The Free Look Period shall be applicable on ind ivid ual health insurance         Simplified for you
                    policies and not on renewals.                                                     You can cancel your policy whenever
                                                                                                      you wish.
                    The insured person shall be allowed free look period of thirty days from date     Note: We will NOT refund any
                    of receipt of the policy document to review the terms and conditions of the       premium if we have paid a claim.
                    policy. If he/she is not satisfied with any of the terms and conditions, he/she   We will refund part of the premium
                    has the option to cancel his/her policy.                                          depending on how many days your
                                                                                                      policy has been running for, if there is
                    In the event the policyhold er d isagrees to any of the policy terms or           no claim.
                    conditions, or otherwise and has not made any claim, he/she shall have the
                    option to return the policy to the insurer for cancellation, stating the reasons
                    for the same.

                    Irrespective of the reasons mentioned, the policyholder shall be entitled to
                    a refund of the premium paid subject only to a deduction of a proportionate
                    risk premium for the period of cover and the expenses, if any, incurred by
                    the insurer on medical examination of the proposer and stamp duty charges.

          5.1.2. Cancellation

                    The policy holder may cancel his/her policy at any time during the term, by
                    giving 7 days' notice in writing. The insurer shall:

                    Refund proportionate premium for unexpired policy period, if the term of
                    the policy upto one year and there is no claim(s) made during the policy
                    period.

                    Refund premium for the unexpired policy period , in respect of policies
                    with term more than 1 year and risk coverage for such policy years are not
                    commenced.

Product Name: ReAssure 2.0: Product UIN: NBHHLIP27054V032627
                                                                                      If we ever cancel your policy, it will
                                                                                      be for Fraud or Non disclosure only.
                                                                                      Insurance contract is a legal contract
                                                                                      too and it's based on trust.

                                                                                      Fraud is an action by you or anyone
                                                                                      acting on your behalf where
                                                                                      you receive benefits, financial or
                                                                                      otherwise, for which you are either
                                                                                      not eligible at all or not to the extent
                                                                                      under the policy.

5.1.3. Renewal of Policy                                                              Simplified for you

A health insurance policy shall be renewable except on grounds of established         Pay your renewal premium before end
fraud or non-disclosure or misrepresentation by the insured.                          of policy period to maintain continuity
                                                                                      of benefits. A grace period is also
a. Request for renewal along with requisite premium shall be received by              available to pay the premium after
    the Company before the end of the policy period.                                  policy expiry.

b. At the end of the policy period, the policy shall terminate and can be
    renewed within the Grace Period of 30 d ays (annual installment) to
    maintain continuity of benefits without break in policy.

c. No loading shall apply on renewals basedon individual claims experience.
   However, discount in premium may be provided by insurers to
   individual policyholders for good claims experience.

d . Insurer shall not resort to fresh und erwriting by calling for med ical
    examination, fresh proposal form etc at renewal stage where there
    is no change in sum insured offered . In case increase in sum insured
    is requested by the policyholder, the Insurer may underwrite only to
    the extent of increased sum insured

5.1.4. Possibility of Revision of Terms of the Policy Includ ing the Premium
          Rates

          The Company, in accord ance with applicable regulations and laws, may
          revise or modify the terms of the Policy including the premium rates. The
          Insured Person shall be notified prior to the changes are effected.

          For avoidance of doubt, the renewal premium may vary from one policy
          period to another on account of Insured Person attaining a higher age
          band or other factors permitted under the applicable laws and regulations.

Product Name: ReAssure 2.0: Product UIN: NBHHLIP27054V032627
5.1.5. Nomination

          The policyhold er is required at the inception of the policy to make
          a nomination for the purpose of payment of claims under the policy in
          the event of d eath of the policyhold er. Any change of nomination
          shall be communicated to the company in writing and such change shall
          be effective only when an end orsement on the policy is mad e. ln the
          event of d eath of the policyholder, the Company will pay the nominee
          {as named in the Policy Schedule/Policy Certificate/Endorsement (if any)}
          and in case there is no subsisting nominee, to the legal heirs or legal
          representatives of the policyholder whose discharge shall be treated as
          full and final discharge of its liability under the policy. The insurer shall
          obtain nomination at the time of new business and at the time of
          renewal for existing policies.

5.1.6. Fraud                                                                             Simplified for you

lf any claim made by the insured person, is in any respect fraudulent, or if             We will cancel your policy, will not
any false statement, or declaration is made or used in support thereof, or if            pay any claim, will not refund any
any fraudulent means or devices are used by the insured person or anyone                 premium paid and have right to take
acting on his/her behalf to obtain any benefit under this policy, all benefits           all possible legal action against you
under this policy and the premium paid shall be forfeited.                               including for recovery of benefits paid
                                                                                         earlier, if
Any amount already paid against claims made under this policy but which
are found fraudulent later shall be repaid by all recipient(s)/policyholder(s),          · You withheld any information
who has made that particular claim, who shall be jointly and severally liable                from us, whole or part that would
for such repayment to the insurer.                                                           have invited any d ecision other
                                                                                             than a `stand ard acceptance' of
For the purpose of this clause, the expression "fraud " means any of the                     your application for insurance.
following acts committed by the insured person or by his agent or the
hospital/doctor/any other party acting on behalf of the insured person, with             Note: Non standard decisions are:
intent to deceive the insurer or to induce the insurer to issue an insurance
policy: a) the suggestion, as a fact of that which is not true and which the             o Load ing ­ We ask for ad d itional
insured person d oes not believe to be true; b) the active concealment of                    premium
a fact by the insured person having knowled ge or belief of the fact; c)
any other act fitted to deceive; and d) any such act or omission as the law              o Exclusions ­ We apply a additional
specially declares to be fraudulent.                                                         waiting perido for health
                                                                                             conditions or treatments
The Company shall not repudiate the claim and / or forfeit the policy benefits
on the ground of Fraud, if the insured person / beneficiary can prove that               o Rejection ­ We hate to do this. But
the misstatement was true to the best of his knowledge and there was no                      sometimes are compelled to say
d eliberate intention to suppress the fact or that such misstatement of or                   no to a customer
suppression of material fact are within the knowledge of the insurer.
                                                                                         IMPORTANT: We understand you
                                                                                         may not know how important is the
                                                                                         information on your health and it's
                                                                                         impact on your policy. Hence it's
                                                                                         very important that you disclose all
                                                                                         health information and we would
                                                                                         decide how important (we call it
                                                                                         `material') it is.

                                                                                         · Cause fraud of any kind

              Product Name: ReAssure 2.0: Product UIN: NBHHLIP27054V032627
5.1.7. Withdrawal of Policy

         i. ln the likelihood of this product being withdrawn in future, the Company
              will intimate the insured person about the same 90 days prior to expiry
              of the policy.

         ii. lnsured Person will have the option to either renew (up to 90 days from
              renewal d ate) same prod uct or to migrate to suitable health
              insurance product, any other existing product or modified version of
              the withdrawn product available with the Company at the time of
              renewal with all the accrued continuity benefits such as cumulative
              bonus, waiver of waiting period as per IRDAI guidelines, provided the
              policy has been maintained without a break.

5.1.8. Redressal of Grievance:

          ln case of any grievance the insured person may contact the
          company through:

          Website: www.nivabupa.com

          Toll- Free: 1860-500-8888
          E-mail: Email us through our service platform https://rules.

                      nivabupa.com/customer-service/ (Senior citizens may write
                      to us at: seniorcitizensupport@nivabupa.com)
          Fax : 011-41743397
          Courier: Customer Services Department
                      Niva Bupa Health Insurance Company Limited
                      D-5, 2nd Floor, Logix Infotech Park
                      opp. Metro Station, Sector 59, Noid a, Uttar Pradesh, 201301

          lnsured person may also approach the grievance cell at any of the
          company's branches with the details of grievance. If lnsured person is not
          satisfied with the redressal of grievance through one of the above methods,
          insured person may contact the grievance officer at:
          Grievance Redressal Officer
          Niva Bupa Health Insurance Company Limited
          D-5, 2nd Floor, Logix Infotech Park
          opp. Metro Station, Sector 59, Noida, Uttar Pradesh, 201301
          Contact No: 1860-500-8888
          Fax No.: 011-41743397
          Email our Grievance officer through our Grievance Redressal platform
          https://transactions.nivabupa.com/pages/grievance-redressal.aspx
          For updated details of grievance officer, kindly refer the link https://
          www. nivabupa.com/customer-care/health-services/grievance-
          redressal.aspx
          If the Insured person is not satisfied with the above, they can escalate to
          GRO@nivabupa.com.
          lf lnsured person is not satisfied with the redressal of grievance through
          above methods, the insured person may also approach the office of
          lnsurance Ombudsman of the respective area/region for redressal of
          grievance as per lnsurance Ombudsman Rules 2017 ( at the addresses given
          in Annexure II).
          Grievance may also be lodged at IRDAI integrated Grievance
          Management System ­ www.bimabharosa.irdai.gov.in

                         Product Name: ReAssure 2.0: Product UIN: NBHHLIP27054V032627
5.1.9. Claim settlement (Provision for Penal interest)                                            Simplified for you
                                                                                                  We will provide our decision on claim
         I. The Company shall settle or reject a claim, as the case may be, within 15             within 15 days from submission of all
              days from the claim submission date.                                                necessary claim documents. For any
                                                                                                  delay in payment of claim, we will pay
         II. ln the case of delay in the payment of a claim, the Company shall be liable to       interest on the claim amount at a rate
              pay interest to the policyholder from the date of receipt of claim intimation till  2% above bank rate.
              the date of payment of claim at a rate of 2% above the bank rate.
                                                                                                  Simplified for you
          (Explanation: "Bank rate" shall mean the rate fixed by the Reserve Bank of              After 5 years, no health insurance
          lndia (RBl) at the beginning of the financial year in which claim has fallen            claim shall be contestable except
          due)                                                                                    for proven fraud and permanent
                                                                                                  exclusions.
5.1.10. Moratorium Period

          After completion of sixty continuous months of coverage (includ ing
          portability and migration) in health insurance policy, no policy and claim
          shall be contestable by the insurer on the ground s of non-d isclosure,
          misrepresentation, except on ground s of established fraud . The period of
          sixty continuous months is called as moratorium period . The moratorium
          will be applicable for the sums insured of the first policy. Wherever, the sum
          insured is enhanced, completion of sixty continuous months would applicable
          from the date of enhancement of sums insured only on the enhanced limits.

The policies would however be subject to all limits, sub limits, co-payments,
deductibles as per the Policy contract.

Note: the accrued cred its gained und er the ported and migrated policies
shall be counted for the purpose of calculating the Moratorium Period

5.1.11. Multiple Policies                                                                         Simplified for you

i. Indemnity Based Policies:                                                                      In case you have multiple policies,
                                                                                                  you can choose the policy from which
   a. In case of multiple policies taken by an Insured Person during a period                     you want to claim first.
        from one or more insurers to indemnify treatment costs, the Insured
        Person shall have the right to require a settlement of his / her claim in                 If claim amount exceeds the Sum
        terms of any of his / her policies. In all such cases the insurer chosen                  Insured of first policy you claim
        by the Policyholder shall be considered as the Primary Insurer and                        from; then you can claim the balance
        will be obliged to settle the claim as long as the claim is within the                    amount from the second policy.
        limits of and according to the terms of the chosen Policy.

b. If the amount to be claimed exceeds the available coverage of the
    said policy, then the primary insurer shall seek the details of other
    available policies of the policyholder and shall coordinate with other
    insurers to ensure settlement pf the balance amount as per the policy
    conditions, without causing any hassles to the policy holder.

ii. Benefit Based Policies:

a. On occurrence of the insured event, the policy holder can claim from
    all Insurers under all policies

Product Name: ReAssure 2.0: Product UIN: NBHHLIP27054V032627
5.1.12. Migration                                                                           Simplified for you
                                                                                            You can shift your policy to any
          In case of migration of one policy to another with the same Insurer, the          other health insurance product /
          policyholder (including all members under family cover and group insurance        plan offered by us as per migration
          policies) can transfer the credits gained to the extent of the Sum Insured,       guidelines.
          No Claim Bonus, Specific Waiting period s, waiting period for pre-existing
          diseases, Moratorium period etc. in the previous policy to the migrated policy.   Simplified for you
                                                                                            You can also shift your policy to
          The insurer may underwrite the proposal in case of migration, if the insured      any other insurer as per portability
          is not continuously covered for 36 months.                                        guidelines.

5.1.13. Portability

          A Policyholder has the choice to port his/ her policies from one Insurer to
          another irrespective of ind ivid ual or group policy subject to the Board
          approved underwriting policy of the insurers.

          The policyholder is entitled to transfer the credits gained to the extent of the
          Sum Insured, No Claim Bonus, specific waiting periods, waiting period for
          pre-existing disease, Moratorium period etc. from the Existing Insurer to the
          Acquiring Insurer in the previous policy.

5.1.14. Disclosure of Information

          The Policy shall be void and all premium paid thereon shall be forfeited to
          the Company in the event of misrepresentation, mis-d escription or non-
          disclosure of any material fact by the policyholder.

          (Explanation: "Material facts" for the purpose of this policy shall mean all
          relevant information sought by the company in the proposal form and other
          connected documents to enable it to take informed decision in the context
          of underwriting the risk)

5.1.15. Condition Precedent to Admission of Liability

          The terms and conditions of the policy must be fulfilled by the insured person
          for the Company to make any payment for claim(s) arising under the policy.

5.1.16. Complete Discharge

          Any payment to the policyholder, insured person or his/ her nominees or his/
          her legal representative or assignee or to the Hospital, as the case may be, for
          any benefit under the policy shall be a valid discharge towards payment of
          claim by the Company to the extent of that amount for the particular claim.

5.1.17. Premium Payment in Instalments

          lf the insured person has opted for Payment of Premium on an instalment
          basis i.e. Half Yearly, Quarterly or Monthly, as mentioned in the policy
          Sched ule/Certificate of insurance, the following Cond itions shall apply
          (notwithstanding any terms contrary elsewhere in the policy)

         i. Grace Period of 30 days in all types of policies, and a period of 15 days in
              case of monthly instalments.

         ii. For policies where premium is paid in instalments only, the coverage will
              be given during grace period..

Product Name: ReAssure 2.0: Product UIN: NBHHLIP27054V032627
               iii. The insured person will get the accrued continuity benefit in respect of
                   the "Waiting Periods", "Specific Waiting Periods" in the event of payment
                   of premium within the stipulated grace Period.

               iv. No interest will be charged lf the instalment premium is not paid on due
                   date

               v. ln case of instalment premium due not received within the grace period,
                   the policy will get canceled.

               vi. ln the event of a claim, all subsequent premium instalments shall
                   immediately become due and payable.

5.2. Specific Terms and Clauses
     5.2.1. Automatic Cancellation:
               The Policy shall automatically terminate in the event of d eath of the all
               Insured Person(s). A refund in accord ance with the table in Section 5.1.2
               shall be payable provided that no claim has been admitted or lodged or not
               benefit has been availed by the insured person under the policy.
     5.2.2. Additional premium (Risk Loading)
               i. We may ask for additional premium after due risk evaluation (it's what
                   referred to as Underwriting) based on all information provided by you.
                   We will issue policy to you only after you pay us the additional premium
                   and provide us consent.
               ii. We will never ask for more than 100% for any particular health condition
                   and never more than 150% for any individual.
               iii. Once applied , Risk load ing continues even for all renewals. However,
                   we offer discounts up to 30% under Live Healthy for maintenance and
                   improvement in health.
     5.2.3. Other Renewal Conditions:
               a. Renewal Premium:
                   Renewal premium will alter based on Age. For Floater plan, the age of
                   eldest insured person will be considered for calculating the premium.
               b. Addition of Insured Persons on Renewal:
                   If a new member is added in the Policy, either by way of endorsement
                   or at the time of Renewal, the Pre-existing Disease clause, exclusions,
                   load ing (if any) and Waiting Period s will be applicable afresh for that
                   member.
               c. Changes to Sum Insured on Renewal:
                   You may opt for enhancement of Sum Insured at the time of Renewal,
                   subject to und erwriting. All Waiting Period s as d efined in the Policy
                   shall apply afresh for this enhanced limit from the effective date of such
                   enhancement.

                              Product Name: ReAssure 2.0: Product UIN: NBHHLIP27054V032627
5.2.4. Claims
         a. Cashless claim facility is available at our network hospitals ONLY. As list of
              network hospitals is dynamic, for the latest list, refer to our website www.
              nivabupa.com.
         b. Documents required with claim form:
              Hospital / Medical records:
             · Original Discharge summary with first and subsequent consultation
                  papers.
             · Original Final Hospital bill with d etailed break-up and payment
                  receipt (including pharmacy bills).
             · Laboratory investigation reports with supporting prescriptions.
             · MLC/First Information Report (FIR) (in accident cases).
              Policyholder documents (Nominee in case of death of Policyholder):
             · KYC documents
             · Cancelled cheque
              IMPORTANT:
             · All documents MUST be submitted at the earliest possible time.
             · For any delay in submission, You MUST provide the reasons in writing.
                  We will cond one such d elay on merits (i.e. reasons beyond your
                  control).
             · You MUST submit all claim related documents for expenses within the
                  Deductible amount (if applicable).
             · We reserve the right to check and investigate the hospital / medical
                  records from any doctor, Hospital, clinic, individual or institution.
         c. The expenses that are not covered or subsumed into room charges /
              procedure charges / costs of treatment are placed as Annexure I.
         d . If you opt for a Hospital room which is higher than the eligible room
              category as specified in your Policy Schedule, then We will pay only a
              pro-rated portion of the total Associated Med ical Expenses (includ ing
              surcharge or taxes thereon) as per the following formula:
              (Eligible Room Rent limit / Room Rent actually incurred) * total
              Associated Medical Expenses
              Associated Medical Expenses shall include Room Rent, nursing charges,
              Medical Practitioners' fees and operation theatre charges.
         e. For any hospitalization, we will pay for items included in the bill by the
              Hospital during the duration of hospitalization. Items not included in the
              bill will not be paid.

                         Product Name: ReAssure 2.0: Product UIN: NBHHLIP27054V032627
        Please Note:

        i. Once the final authorization request is received for discharge, the same
            will be processed within three hours from the final documents received.
            In case of d elay from our end , any ad d itional amount charged by the
            hospital will be borne by us. This amount will be paid over and above the
            policy limits.

        ii. We offer Cashless Everywhere, even in hospitals which are not part of our
            network. For More details and process please visit our website: https://
            transactions.nivabupa.com/cashlessclaims/pages/intimation-claim.aspx

        iii. Cashless Claim Settlement- The Company reserves the right to call for
            additional documents wherever required.
            Grant of initial pre-authorization by the Company will be based on the
            information and documents made available at the time of processing of
            the request and shall be provisional in nature. The Company reserves the
            right to review, modify, withdraw or deny such authorization, in whole or
            in part, at any stage of hospitalization or treatment if subsequent
            information, medical records, diagnostic findings, discharge documents,
            investigation reports, or any other material evidence received by the
            Company indicates that the claim, in whole or in part, is not payable
            under the terms & conditions of the Policy. Grant of initial authorization
            shall not constitute as admission of liability, waiver of any policy term,
            nor shall it preclude the Company from undertaking further review of the
            claim in accordance with the Policy.
            Denial of a pre-authorization request is no way to be construed as denial
            of treatment or denial of coverage. The Insured Person can go ahead
            with treatment, settle the hospital bills and submit the claim for a
            reimbursement of expenses.

5.2.5. Policy Disputes
          Any dispute concerning the interpretation of the terms, conditions,
          limitations and/or exclusions contained herein shall be governed by Indian
          law and shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the Indian Courts.

5.2.6. Territorial Jurisdiction
          All claims shall be payable in India in Indian Rupees only.

5.2.7. Alteration to the Policy
          This Policy constitutes the complete contract of insurance. Any change in
          the Policy will only be evidenced by a written endorsement signed and
          stamped by Us. No one except Us can within the permission of the IRDAI
          change or vary this Policy.

                       Product Name: ReAssure 2.0: Product UIN: NBHHLIP27054V032627
5.2.8. Zonal pricing
          For the purpose of calculating premium, the country has been divided into
          the following 2 zones:
         i. Zone 1: Delhi NCR, Mumbai (including Navi Mumbai and Thane), Kolkata
              and Gujarat State. Delhi NCR includ es Delhi, Baghpat, Buland shahr,
              Gautam Buddh Nagar, Ghaziabad, Hapur, Meerut, Muzaffarnagar, Shamli,
              Charkhi Dadri, Faridabad, Gurugram, Jhajjar, Jind, Karnal, Mahendragarh,
              Nuh, Palwal, Panipat, Rewari, Rohtak and Sonipat
         ii. Zone 2: Rest of India
          Your premium depends upon your residential city. Please inform us
          immediately in case of change in your city.

5.2.9. Assignment
          The Policy can be assigned subject to applicable laws.

5.2.10. Wellness, Value Added and Health Related Services
          The Company may, either directly or through empaneled service providers,
          offer wellness benefits, value added services, preventive healthcare
          initiatives, policyholder awareness programs, health management services,
          teleconsultation services, health check-ups, disease management
          programs, digital health solutions, educational content and such other
          health-related services or facilities ("Health-ecosystem"). These benefits
          and services are intended to promote health awareness, wellness and
          customer engagement.
          You may choose avail any additional services independently from Health ­
          ecosystem by directly contracting with service providers. The availability,
          scope, terms and conditions of such benefits and services may be modified,
          withdrawn, replaced or reviewed by the Company at its discretion.

                         Product Name: ReAssure 2.0: Product UIN: NBHHLIP27054V032627
         Annexure I - The expenses that are not covered or subsumed into room charges / procedure charges / costs of treatment
                                                         List I ­ Expenses not covered

Sl. No.  Item                        Sl. No.  Item                          Sl. No.  Item
1        BABY FOOD                   24       ATTENDANT CHARGES             47       LUMBO SACRAL BELT
2        BABY UTILITIES CHARGES      25       EXTRA DIET OF PATIENT (OTHER  48       NIMBUS BED OR WATER OR AIR
                                              THAN THAT WHICH FORMS PART             BED CHARGES
                                     26       OF BED CHARGE)
3        BEAUTY SERVICES             27       BIRTH CERTIFICATE             49 AMBULANCE COLLAR
                                     28       CERTIFICATE CHARGES
4        BELTS/ BRACES               29       COURIER CHARGES               50 AMBULANCE EQUIPMENT
                                              CONVEYANCE CHARGES
5        BUDS                                                               51       ABDOMINAL BINDER

6        COLD PACK/HOT PACK                                                 52       PRIVATE NURSES CHARGES-

                                                                                     SPECIAL NURSING CHARGES

7        CARRY BAGS                  30 MEDICAL CERTIFICATE                 53       SUGAR FREE Tablets

8        EMAIL / INTERNET CHARGES    31       MEDICAL RECORDS               54       CREAMS POWDERS LOTIONS

                                                                                     (Toiletries are not payable,

                                                                                     only prescribed medical

                                                                                     pharmaceuticals payable)

9        FOOD CHARGES (OTHER THAN 32          PHOTOCOPIES CHARGES           55       ECG ELECTRODES

         PATIENT's DIET PROVIDED BY

         HOSPITAL)

10       LEGGINGS                    33       MORTUARY CHARGES              56       GLOVES

11       LAUNDRY CHARGES             34       WALKING AIDS CHARGES          57       NEBULISATION KIT

12       MINERAL WATER               35       OXYGEN CYLINDER (FOR USAGE    58       ANY KIT WITH NO DETAILS MEN-

                                              OUTSIDE THE HOSPITAL)                  TIONED [DELIVERY KIT, ORTHOKIT,

                                                                                     RECOVERY KIT, ETC]

13       SANITARY PAD                36       SPACER                        59       KIDNEY TRAY

14       TELEPHONE CHARGES           37       SPIROMETRE                    60 MASK

15       GUEST SERVICES              38       NEBULIZER KIT                 61       OUNCE GLASS

16       CREPE BANDAGE               39       STEAM INHALER                 62       OXYGEN MASK

17       DIAPER OF ANY TYPE          40 ARMSLING                            63       PELVIC TRACTION BELT

18       EYELET COLLAR               41       THERMOMETER                   64 PAN CAN

19       SLINGS                      42       CERVICAL COLLAR               65       TROLLY COVER

20       BLOOD GROUPING AND CROSS 43          SPLINT                        66 UROMETER, URINE JUG

         MATCHING OF DONORS SAMPLES

21       SERVICE CHARGES WHERE       44 DIABETIC FOOT WEAR                  67       AMBULANCE

         NURSING CHARGE ALSO

         CHARGED

22       TELEVISION CHARGES          45       KNEE BRACES (LONG/ SHORT/     68 VASOFIX SAFETY

                                              HINGED)

23       SURCHARGES                  46 KNEE IMMOBILIZER/SHOULDER
                                               IMMOBILIZER

                             Product Name: ReAssure 2.0: Product UIN: NBHHLIP27054V032627
                                List II ­ Items that are to be subsumed into Room Charges

Sl. No.  Item                             Sl. No. Item                          Sl. No. Item
1        BABY CHARGES (UNLESS
2        SPECIFIED/INDICATED)             14       BED PAN                      27               ADMISSION KIT
         HAND WASH
                                          15       FACE MASK                    28               DIABETIC CHART CHARGES

                                                                                                 DOCUMENTATION CHARGES/

3        SHOE COVER                       16       FLEXI MASK                   29               ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES/ TPA

                                                                                                 CHARGES LEVIED BY THE

                                                                                                 HOSPITAL

4        CAPS                             17       HAND HOLDER                  30               DISCHARGE PROCEDURE
                                                                                                 CHARGES

5        CRADLE CHARGES                   18       SPUTUM CUP                   31               DAILY CHART CHARGES

6        COMB                             19       DISINFECTANT LOTIONS         32               ENTRANCE PASS / VISITORS PASS
                                                                                                 CHARGES

7        EAU-DE-COLOGNE / ROOM            20 LUXURY TAX                         33               EXPENSES RELATED TO
         FRESHNERS                                                                               PRESCRIPTION ON DISCHARGE

8        FOOT COVER                       21       HVAC                         34               FILE OPENING CHARGES

9        GOWN                             22       HOUSE KEEPING CHARGES        35               INCIDENTAL EXPENSES / MISC.
                                                                                                 CHARGES (NOT EXPLAINED)

10       SLIPPERS                         23       AIR CONDITIONER CHARGES      36               PATIENT IDENTIFICATION BAND /
                                                                                                 NAME TAG

11       TISSUE PAPER                     24       IM IV INJECTION CHARGES      37               PULSEOXYMETER CHARGES

12       TOOTH PASTE                      25       CLEAN SHEET

13       TOOTH BRUSH                      26       BLANKET/WARMER BLANKET

                                List III ­ Items that are to be subsumed into Procedure Charges

Sl. No.  Item                             Sl. No.  Item                         Sl. No. Item
1        HAIR REMOVAL CREAM               9        WARD AND THEATRE BOOKING
                                                   CHARGES                      17               BOYLES APPARATUS CHARGES
2        DISPOSABLES RAZORS               10       ARTHROSCOPY AND ENDOSCOPY
         CHARGES (for site preparations)           INSTRUMENTS                  18               COTTON
3        EYE PAD                          11       MICROSCOPE COVER
4        EYE SHEILD                       12       SURGICAL BLADES, HARMONICS-  19               COTTON BANDAGE
                                                   CALPEL,SHAVER
5        CAMERA COVER                     13       SURGICAL DRILL               20 SURGICAL TAPE
6        DVD, CD CHARGES                  14       EYE KIT
7        GAUSE SOFT                       15       EYE DRAPE                    21               APRON
8        GAUZE                            16       X-RAY FILM
                                                                                22               TORNIQUET

                                                                                23               ORTHOBUNDLE, GYNAEC BUNDLE

                         Product Name: ReAssure 2.0: Product UIN: NBHHLIP27054V032627
                                 List IV ­ Items that are to be subsumed into costs of treatment

Sl. No.  Item                                    Sl. No. Item                               Sl. No. Item
1        ADMISSION/REGISTRATION
         CHARGES                                 7   INFUSION PUMP­ COST                    13    MOUTH PAINT
2        HOSPITALISATION FOR EVALUA-
         TION/ DIAGNOSTIC PURPOSE                8   HYDROGEN PEROXIDE\SPIRIT\ 14                 VACCINATION CHARGES
3        URINE CONTAINER
                                                     DISINFECTANTS ETC

                                                 9   NUTRITION PLANNING CHARGES 15                ALCOHOL SWABES

                                                     - DIETICIAN CHARGES- DIET

                                                     CHARGES

4        BLOOD RESERVATION CHARGES               10  HIV KIT                                16    SCRUB SOLUTION/STERILLIUM

         AND ANTE NATAL BOOKING

         CHARGES

5        BIPAP MACHINE                           11  ANTISEPTIC MOUTHWASH                   17    GLUCOMETER & STRIPS

6        CPAP/ CAPD EQUIPMENTS                   12  LOZENGES                               18    URINE BAG

Office Details                                   Annexure II - List of Insurance Ombudsmen
AHMEDABAD                                                                     Jurisdiction

Shri Collu Vikas Rao                                           Gujarat, Dadra & Nagar Haveli, Daman and Diu
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, Jeevan
Prakash Building, 6th floor, Tilak Marg, Relief
Road, AHMEDABAD ­ 380 001.
Tel.: 079 - 25501201/02/05/06
Email: oio.ahmedabad@cioins.co.in

BENGALURU                                                      Karnataka

Ms. Neerja Kapurs
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
Jeevan Soudha Building,PID No. 57-27-N-19
Ground Floor, 19/19, 24th Main Road,
JP Nagar, Ist Phase, Bengaluru ­ 560 078.
Tel.: 080 - 26652048 / 26652049
Email: oio.bengaluru@cioins.co.in

                        Product Name: ReAssure 2.0: Product UIN: NBHHLIP27054V032627
BHOPAL                                        Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh

Shri Ajay Kumar                               Odisha
Insurance Ombudsman
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,            Punjab, Haryana (excluding Gurugram, Faridabad, Sonepat and
Janak Vihar Complex, 2nd Floor,               Bahadurgarh), Himachal Pradesh, Union Territories of Jammu &
6, Malviya Nagar, Opp. Airtel Office,         Kashmir,Ladakh & Chandigarh
Near New Market, Bhopal ­ 462 003.
Tel.: 0755 - 2769201 / 2769202                Tamil Nadu, PuducherryTown and Karaikal (which are part of
Email: oio.bhopal@cioins.co.in                Puducherry)
BHUBANESWAR
                                              Delhi & following Districts of Haryana - Gurugram, Faridabad,
Shri Bimbadhar Pradhan                        Sonepat & Bahadurgarh
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
62, Forest park,
Bhubaneswar ­ 751 009.
Tel.: 0674 - 2596461 /2596455
Email: oio.bhubaneswar@cioins.co.in
CHANDIGARH

Ms. Alka Jha
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
Jeevan Deep Building SCO 20-27,
Ground Floor Sector- 17 A,
Chandigarh ­ 160 017.
Tel.: 0172-2706468
Email: oio.chandigarh@cioins.co.in
CHENNAI

Shri K. Vinayak Rao
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
Fatima Akhtar Court, 4th Floor, 453,
Anna Salai, Teynampet,
CHENNAI ­ 600 018.
Tel.: 044 - 24333668 / 24335284
Email: oio.chennai@cioins.co.in
DELHI

Ms. Sunita Sharma
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, 2/2 A,
Universal Insurance Building, Asaf Ali Road,
New Delhi ­ 110 002.
Tel.: 011 - 23232481/23213504
Email: oio.delhi@cioins.co.in

Product Name: ReAssure 2.0: Product UIN: NBHHLIP27054V032627
GUWAHATI                                           Assam, Meghalaya, Manipur, Mizoram, Arunachal Pradesh,
                                                   Nagaland and Tripura
Shri Ajay Kumar Sharma
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,                 Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Yanam and part of Union Territory
Jeevan Nivesh, 5th Floor,                          of Puducherry
Nr. Panbazar over bridge, S.S. Road,
Guwahati ­ 781001(ASSAM).                          Rajasthan
Tel.: 0361 - 2632204 / 2602205
Email: oio.guwahati@cioins.co.in                   Kerala, Lakshadweep, Mahe-a part of Union Territory of
HYDERABAD                                          Puducherry

Ms. G Shobha Reddy                                 West Bengal, Sikkim, Andaman & Nicobar Islands
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
6-2-46, 1st floor, "Moin Court",
Lane Opp. Saleem Function Palace,
A. C. Guards, Lakdi-Ka-Pool, Hyderabad - 500 004.
Tel.: 040 - 23312122
Email: oio.hyderabad@cioins.co.in
JAIPUR

Shri Satyajeet Rajan
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
Jeevan Nidhi ­ II Bldg., Gr. Floor,
Bhawani Singh Marg,
Jaipur - 302 005.
Tel.: 0141 - 2740363
Email: oio.jaipur@cioins.co.in
KOCHI

Shri Pradeep Kumar Jain
10th Floor, Jeevan Prakash,LIC Building,
Opp to Maharaja's College Ground ,M.G.Road,
Kochi - 682 011.
Tel.: 0484 - 2358759
Email: oio.ernakulam@cioins.co.in
KOLKATA

Ms. Kiran Sahdev
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
Hindustan Bldg. Annexe, 4th Floor,
4, C.R. Avenue,
KOLKATA - 700 072.
Tel.: 033 - 22124339 / 22124340
Email: oio.kolkata@cioins.co.in

Product Name: ReAssure 2.0: Product UIN: NBHHLIP27054V032627
LUCKNOW                                       Districts of Uttar Pradesh : Lalitpur, Jhansi, Mahoba, Hamirpur,
                                              Banda, Chitrakoot, Allahabad, Mirzapur, Sonbhabdra, Fateh-
Shri Atul Sahai                               pur, Pratapgarh, Jaunpur,Varanasi, Gazipur, Jalaun, Kanpur,
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,            Lucknow, Unnao, Sitapur, Lakhimpur, Bahraich, Barabanki,
6th Floor, Jeevan Bhawan, Phase-II,           Raebareli, Sravasti, Gonda, Faizabad, Amethi, Kaushambi,
Nawal Kishore Road, Hazratganj,               Balrampur, Basti, Ambedkarnagar, Sultanpur, Maharajgang,
Lucknow - 226 001.                            Santkabirnagar, Azamgarh, Kushinagar, Gorkhpur, Deoria, Mau,
Tel.: 0522 - 2231330 / 2231331                Ghazipur, Chandauli, Ballia, Sidharathnagar
Email: oio.lucknow@cioins.co.in
MUMBAI                                        List of wards under Mumbai
                                              Metropolitan Region excluding wards in Mumbai ­ i.e M/E, M/W,
Ms. Sarojini S Dikhale                        N , S and T covered under
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,            Office of Insurance Ombudsman Thane and excluding areas of
3rd Floor, Jeevan Seva Annexe,                Navi Mumba
S. V. Road, Santacruz (W),
Mumbai - 400 054.                             State of Uttarakhand and the following Districts of Uttar
Tel.: 69038821/23/24/25/26/27/28/28/29/30/31  Pradesh: Agra, Aligarh, Bagpat, Bareilly, Bijnor, Budaun, Buland-
Email: oio.mumbai@cioins.co.in                shehar, Etah, Kannauj, Mainpuri, Mathura, Meerut, Moradabad,
NOIDA                                         Muzaffarnagar, Oraiyya, Pilibhit, Etawah, Farrukhabad, Firozbad,
                                              Gautam Buddh nagar, Ghaziabad, Hardoi, Shahjahanpur, Hapur,
Shri Bimbadhar Pradhan                        Shamli, Rampur, Kashganj, Sambhal, Amroha, Hathras, Kanshi-
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,            ramnagar, Saharanpur
Bhagwan Sahai Palace
4th Floor, Main Road, Naya Bans, Sector 15,   Bihar, Jharkhand
Distt: Gautam Buddh Nagar, U.P-201301.
Tel.: 0120-2514252 / 2514253                  State of Goa and State of Maharashtra excluding areas of Navi
Email: oio.noida@cioins.co.in                 Mumbai, Thane district,Palghar District, Raigad district & Mum-
PATNA                                         bai Metropolitan Region

Ms. Susmita Mukherjee
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
2nd Floor, Lalit Bhawan,
Bailey Road,
Patna 800 001.
Tel.: 0612-2547068
Email: oio.patna@cioins.co.in
PUNE

Shri Sunil Jain
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
Jeevan Darshan Bldg., 3rd Floor,
C.T.S. No.s. 195 to 198, N.C. Kelkar Road,
Narayan Peth, Pune ­ 411 030.
Tel.: 020-41312555
Email: oio.pune@cioins.co.in

Product Name: ReAssure 2.0: Product UIN: NBHHLIP27054V032627
THANE                                  Area of Navi Mumbai, Thane District, Raigad District, Palghar
                                       District and wards of Mumbai, M/East, M/West, N, S and T."
Shri Umesh Sinha
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
2nd Floor,Jeevan Chintamani Building,
Vasantrao Naik Mahamarg,
Thane (West)- 400604
Tel.: 022-20812868/69
Email: oio.thane@cioins.co.in

Ombudsmen details are subject to change. Please refer this link for the updated details: CIO (cioins.co.in)

Product Name: ReAssure 2.0: Product UIN: NBHHLIP27054V032627
                                                       Product Benefit Table

Variant          Diamond+           Platinum+          Titanium+            Bronze+             Silver+             Gold+

Base Sum Insured 5 Lacs, 10 Lacs, 15 Lacs, 20 Lacs, 25 Lacs, 50 Lacs, 100 Lacs
(INR)

Benefits

Expenses in      Road Ambulance: Up to Sum Insured

Reaching a Hospital Air Ambulance : up to INR 2,50,000 per hospitalization

Expenses During  Up to Base Sum Insured.
Hospitalization  Modern Treatments: Covered up to Sum Insured

(Covers AYUSH)

Expenses Before  60 Days and 180 Days Respectively. Covered Up to Sum Insured
and After a
Hospitalization

Home Care/       Covered up to Sum Insured
Domiciliary

Organ Donor      Covered up to Sum Insured

Annual Health    For defined list of tests; up to INR 500 for every INR 1 Lac Base Sum Insured.
Check-Up         (Individual: Maximum INR 5,000 per Insured; Family Floater: Maximum INR 10,000 per policy).

                 · ReAssure "Forever": First claim paid triggers

                 ReAssure "Forever". It is unlimited. Each Claim

ReAssure+        under ReAssure "Forever" will be up to Sum                                              NA
                 Insured.

                 · Lock the Clock: Pay premiums as per your entry

                 age, till a claim is paid.

                                                                            First claim paid triggers ReAssure "Forever". It is unlimited.

ReAssureX                           NA                                      Each Claim under ReAssure "Forever" will be up to Sum

                                                                            Insured.

Booster+         3X: Unutilized     5X: Unutilized     10X: Unutilized      3X: Unutilized      5X: Unutilized      10X: Unutilized
                 Base Sum           Base Sum           Base Sum Insured     Base Sum Insured    Base Sum Insured    Base Sum Insured
                 Insured carries    Insured carries    carries forward      carries forward     carries forward     carries forward
                 forward to the     forward to the     to the next policy   to the next policy  to the next policy  to the next policy
                 next policy year,  next policy year,  year, maximum        year, maximum       year, maximum       year, maximum
                 maximum up to      maximum up to      up to 10 times.      up to 3 times.      up to 5 times.      up to 10 times.
                 3 times.           5 times.

Live Healthy     Up to 30% discount on premium at the time of Renewal.

Shared           · Up to INR 15 Lakh Base Sum Insured: INR 800 per day; Maximum INR 4,800
Accommodation    · Above INR 15 Lakh Base Sum Insured: INR 1,000 per day; Maximum INR. 6,000
Benefit
                 Once for any condition in a Policy Year.
Second Medical   Unlimited e-consultation within our network
Opinion

e-consultation

                           Product Name: ReAssure 2.0: Product UIN: NBHHLIP27054V032627
Optional Benefits        · Up to INR 5 Lakh Base Sum Insured: INR 1,000/day
                         · Between INR 7.5 Lakh to INR 15 Lakh Base Sum Insured: INR 2,000/day
Hospital Cash            · Above 15 Lakh Base Sum Insured: INR 4,000/day
                         Up to 5 times of Base Sum Insured. Maximum up to INR 1 Crore
Personal Accident        · Claim Safeguard: Non-payable items will be covered (as per list I of Annexure I)
                         · Booster+ Safeguard: No impact on Booster+ if claim in a policy year is up to INR 50,000
Safeguard                · Sum Insured Safeguard: CPI linked increase in Base Sum Insured
                         · Claim Safeguard+: Non-payable items will be covered (as per list I, II, III, IV of Annexure I)
Safeguard+               · Booster+ Safeguard+: No impact on Booster+ if claim in a policy year is up to INR 1,00,000
                         · Sum Insured Safeguard+: CPI linked increase in Base Sum Insured
Co-payment               · Co-payment Options of 20% / 30% / 40% / 50%
Pre-Existing Dis-
ease Waiting Time        · Options to modify PED waiting periods- 1 year or 2 year
Modification
Room Type Modifi-        · Choose between Single Private room or a sharing room.
cation
Annual Aggregate         · NR 10,000 / INR 20,000 / INR 30,000 / INR 50,000 / INR 1,00,000
Deductible

All limits are specified in INR unless specified

Variant                                  Bronze     Silver                                                                 Gold

Base Sum Insured (INR) 5 Lacs, 10 Lacs, 15 Lacs, 20 Lacs, 25 Lacs, 50 Lacs, 75 Lacs, 100 Lacs

Benefits

Expenses in Reaching a   Road Ambulance: Up to Sum Insured
Hospital                 Air Ambulance : up to INR 2,50,000 per hospitalization
                         Up to Base Sum Insured.
Expenses During          Modern Treatments: Covered up to Sum Insured
Hospitalization
(Covers AYUSH)           60 Days and 180 Days Respectively. Covered Up to Sum Insured

Expenses Before and
After a Hospitalization

Home Care/Domiciliary Covered up to Sum Insured

Organ Donor              Covered up to Sum Insured

Annual Health Check-Up   For defined list of tests; up to INR 500 for every INR 1 Lac Base Sum Insured.
                         (Individual: Maximum INR 5,000 per Insured; Family Floater: Maximum INR 10,000 per policy).

ReAssureX                First claim paid triggers ReAssure "Forever". It is unlimited. Each Claim under ReAssure "Forever" will be up to Sum Insured.
Booster+
                         3X: Unutilized Base Sum Insured carries 5X: Unutilized Base Sum Insured      10X: Unutilized Base Sum Insured
                                                                                                      carries forward to the next policy year,
                         forward to the next policy year, maximum carries forward to the next policy  maximum up to 10 times.

                         up to 3 times.             year, maximum up to 5 times.

                         Product Name: ReAssure 2.0: Product UIN: NBHHLIP27054V032627
Live Healthy          Up to 30% discount on premium at the time of Renewal.

Shared Accommodation · Up to INR 15 Lakh Base Sum Insured: INR 800 per day; Maximum INR 4,800

Benefit               · Above INR 15 Lakh Base Sum Insured: INR 1,000 per day; Maximum INR. 6,000

Second Medical Opinion Once for any condition in a Policy Year.

e-consultation        Unlimited e-consultation within our network

Optional Benefits

Hospital Cash         · Up to INR 5 Lakh Base Sum Insured: INR 1,000/day
                      · Between INR 7.5 Lakh to INR 15 Lakh Base Sum Insured: INR 2,000/day
                      · Above 15 Lakh Base Sum Insured: INR 4,000/day

Personal Accident     Up to 5 times of Base Sum Insured. Maximum up to INR 1 Crore

Safeguard             · Claim Safeguard: Non-payable items will be covered (as per list I of Annexure I)
                      · Booster+ Safeguard: No impact on Booster+ if claim in a policy year is up to INR 50,000
                      · Sum Insured Safeguard: CPI linked increase in Base Sum Insured

Safeguard+            · Claim Safeguard+: Non-payable items will be covered (as per list I, II, III, IV of Annexure I)
                      · Booster+ Safeguard+: No impact on Booster+ if claim in a policy year is up to INR 1,00,000
                      · Sum Insured Safeguard+: CPI linked increase in Base Sum Insured

Co-payment            Co-payment Options of 20% / 30% / 40% / 50%

Pre-Existing Disease  Options to modify PED waiting periods- 1 year or 2 year
Waiting Time
Modification

Room Type Modification Choose between Single Private room or a sharing room.

Annual Aggregate      INR 10,000 / INR 20,000 / INR 30,000 / INR 50,000 / INR 1,00,000
Deductible

All limits are specified in INR unless specified. The above variants (Bronze, Silver, Gold) will be offered with lesser commission.

                      Product Name: ReAssure 2.0: Product UIN: NBHHLIP27054V032627
                                                            Benefit Illustration

Age      Coverage opted on                  Benefit Illustration (5 Lac Sum Insured, Policy Term 1 year)
of the   individual basis covering
mem-     each member of the          Coverage opted on individual basis covering multiple Coverage opted on family floater basis with overall
bers     family separately (at a     members of the family under a single policy (Sum Sum Insured (Only one Sum Insured is available for
insured  single point in time)       Insured is available for each member of the family) the entire family)

         Premium  Sum                Premium  Discount, if  Premium   Sum              Premium or    Floater    Premium   Sum
         (Rs.)    Insured            (Rs.)    any           after     Insured          Consolidated  discount,  after     Insured
                  (Rs.)                                     discount  (Rs.)            premium for   if any     discount  (Rs.)
                                                            (Rs.)                      all members              (Rs.)
                                                                                       of family
                                                                                       (Rs.)

                                                     Illustration 1

18 9,047          5,00,000           9,047    905           8,142     5,00,000         9,047

21 9,047          5,00,000           9,047    905           8,142     5,00,000         9,047         16,659 26,003 5,00,000
                                                                                       11,340
39 11,340         5,00,000           11,340   1,134         10,206 5,00,000

45 13,228         5,00,000           13,228   1,323         11,905    5,00,000         13,228

Total premium for all members of     Total premium for all members of the family is    Total premium when the policy is opted on floater
the family is Rs. 42,661, when each  Rs.38,395 when they are covered under a single    basis is Rs.26,003.
member is covered separately.        policy.

Sum Insured available for each       Sum Insured available for each family member is   Sum Insured of Rs.500,000 is available for the entire
individual is Rs.500,000.            Rs.500,000.                                       family.

                                                     Illustration 2

55 23,519         5,00,000           23,519   2,352         21,167    5,00,000         23,519        11,913     50,654 5,00,000
                                                                                       39,048
63 39,048         5,00,000           39,048   3,905         35,143    5,00,000

Total premium for all members of     Total premium for all members of the family is    Total premium when the policy is opted on floater
the family is Rs.62,567, when each   Rs.56,310, when they are covered under a single   basis is Rs.50,654.
member is covered separately.        policy.

Sum Insured available for each       Sum Insured available for each family member is   Sum Insured of Rs.500,000 is available for the entire
individual is Rs.500,000.            Rs.500,000.                                       family.

                                                     Illustration 3

65 39,048         5,00,000           39,048   3,905         35,143    5,00,000         39,048        22,634 66,338 5,00,000
                                                                                       49,924
70 49,924         5,00,000           49,924   4,992         44,932    5,00,000

Total premium for all members of     Total premium for all members of the family is    Total premium when the policy is opted on floater
the family is Rs.88,972, when each   Rs. 80,075, when they are covered under a single  basis is Rs.66,338.
member is covered separately.        policy.

Sum Insured available for each       Sum Insured available for each family member is   Sum Insured of Rs.500,000 is available for the entire
individual is Rs.500,000.            Rs.500,000.                                       family.

Note: Premium rates specified in the above illustration are standard premium rates without considering any loading. Also, the premium rates are
exclusive of taxes applicable.

Premium is considered for Platinum+ Variant and Zone 1

                                     Product Name: ReAssure 2.0: Product UIN: NBHHLIP27054V032627
