SBI General Insurance Company Limited

                                    Super Health Insurance
                                          PROSPECTUS

Your greatest wealth is your health & everybody has differing levels of control over their own wellbeing.
Life follows no fixed plan and sudden Illnesses, or accidental injury can sometimes leave you financially
hurt and highly stressed. SBI General Insurance Company Limited (herein after the "Company", "We",
"Our", "Us") introduce the Super Health Insurance product which protects you and your family, if you and
your family members are Hospitalized during Policy Period and helps you to reduce your financial stress.

A. KEY FEATURES OF THE POLICY:

   1. Comprehensive Policy with 27 Base Covers and 7 Optional covers
   2. Multiple Sum Insured range from 3 Lacs to 2 Crores available under the Policy.
   3. Long term Policy options are available up to 3 years.
   4. Exclusive covers like:

             · Health Multiplier (Listed 37 Serious Illness)- Sum Insured for listed Serious Illnesses
                  would be increased by a multiplier as mentioned in the policy schedule

             · ReInsure Benefit offers reinstatement of Sum insured, unlimited times for any illness
                  in a policy year. It is triggered and becomes payable with the first paid claim itself and
                  is available for all subsequent claims in a Policy Year. Single claim under this benefit
                  will be payable up to 100%/200% of Base Sum Insured as specified in the Policy
                  Schedule.

             · Enhanced Cumulative Bonus (ECB) will be applied by 50% (as specified in the Policy
                  Schedule) of the Base Sum Insured of immediate preceding Policy Year in respect of
                  each claim free Policy Year (where no claims are reported), provided the Policy is
                  renewed with the Company without a break, subject to maximum cap of 100%/200%
                  (as specified in the Policy Schedule) of the Base Sum Insured under the current Policy
                  Year. If a claim is made in any particular Policy Year, the ECB accrued shall be reduced
                  at the same rate at which it has accrued.

             · Claims Shield Benefit pays towards the Non-Medical expenses like gloves, food
                  charges and other consumables during hospitalization.

             · Annual Health Check-up cover is available.
             · Various discount options like Family Individual Discount (>= 2 members), Long term

                  discount (will not apply if instalment option is opted), SBI group entity discount,
                  Direct Channel Discount.
             · Out Patient (OPD) Cover (Including Diagnostics and Pharmacy Expenses)
             · Medical Treatment abroad (for listed 16 Major Illness)

   5. Optional Covers like Wellness Benefit, Domestic Help/Staff Indemnity, Additional Sum
        Insured for Accident related hospitalization, Enhanced Cumulative Bonus Safeguard,
        Enhanced ReInsure are available.

   6. Flexible benefit option of Co-payment and Aggregate Deductible are available to avail discount
        in premium.

SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
| www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus    1
SBI General Insurance Company Limited

B.1 AGE CRITERIA & ELIGIBILITY:

Minimum Entry Age                     Adult: 18 years
                                      Dependent Child: 91 Days to 30 years

Maximum Entry Age                     No Limit
                                      65 years
Maximum Entry Age for
Domestic Help/Staff Indemnity
(Optional Cover)

Renewability                          Lifelong

Policy Term                           1/2/3 Years
Premium Payment Options               Single Premium, Annual, Half-yearly, Quarterly, and Monthly
                                      Individual/Family Floater basis.

How can You cover Yourself            In a family floater Policy, a maximum of 4 adults and any
                                      number of children can be included in a single Policy.

Who are covered                       Individual: Self, legally married spouse, son, son-in-law,
(Relationship with respect to         daughter, daughter-in-law, father, mother, brother, brother-in-
the Proposer)                         law, sister, sister-in-law, mother-in-law, father-in law,
                                      grandmother, grandfather, grandson, granddaughter, uncle,
                                      aunt, nephew, niece, or any other relationship having an
                                      insurable interest.

                                      Family Floater: Self, legally married spouse, dependent children
                                      (natural/legally adopted), Parents and/or Parents-in-law.

B.2 PLAN & SUM INSURED
 You have option to choose any plan from below as per Your requirement.

Plan                       Elite      Premier    Platinum   Platinum Infinite

              Sum Insured   3,00,000  3,00,000   10,00,000                    50,00,000
                 Limit      5,00,000  5,00,000   15,00,000                    75,00,000
                            7,00,000  7,00,000   20,00,000                  1,00,00,000
                           10,00,000  10,00,000  25,00,000                  2,00,00,000

SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
| www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus                                                                     2
SBI General Insurance Company Limited

                      15,00,000                    30,00,000
                      20,00,000                    40,00,000
                      25,00,000                    50,00,000

Scope of Cover:

We will pay under below listed Covers On Medically Necessary Treatment of an Insured Person due to
Illness or Injury sustained or contracted during the Policy Period. The payment is subject to Sum Insured
as specified in the Policy Schedule. Subject to otherwise terms and conditions of the Policy.

C. Hospitalization covers

C.1 In-patient Hospitalization Treatment:
If You are hospitalized for a minimum of 24 hours on the advice of Medical Practitioner as defined under
the Policy due to Illness or Accidental Bodily Injury, sustained or contracted during the Policy Period, then
We will pay You below listed medical expenses up to the Base Sum Insured and enhanced limits as
specified in Policy Schedule.

        a) Room rent and boarding expenses as provided by the Hospital/Nursing home up to the Room
             Rent limit as specific in the Policy Schedule.

        b) Intensive Care Unit Expenses/ Intensive Cardiac Care Unit (ICCU) expenses.
        c) Nursing Expenses as provided by the Hospital
        d) Surgeon, Anaesthetist, Medical Practitioner, Consultants, Specialist Fees
        e) Anaesthesia, blood, oxygen, operation theatre charges, surgical appliances
        f) Consultation fees including Telemedicine by Medical Practitioner
        g) Medicines, drugs, and consumables
        h) Diagnostic procedures
        i) The Cost of prosthetic and other devices or equipment if implanted internally during a Surgical

             Procedure.

C.2 Shared accommodation Cash Benefit

The Company shall pay a daily cash amount as specified in Policy Schedule on per hospitalization basis for
each continuous and completed 24 hours of Hospitalization during the Policy Year if the Insured Person is
Hospitalised in shared accommodation in a Network Provider Hospital and such Hospitalization exceeds
48 consecutive hours.

What is not covered:

a. The Cover is not available for the time spent by the Insured Person in an Intensive Care Unit (ICU).

b. The claim for the same Hospitalization is not admissible under clause a) of Section C.1 (Inpatient
Hospitalization Treatment).

C.3 Health Multiplier (Listed 37 Serious Illness)

If You are diagnosed and hospitalized for any of the Serious illness (listed and defined below) and claim is

SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
| www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus                                                                      3
SBI General Insurance Company Limited

admissible under Section C.1 (Inpatient Hospitalization Treatment) or Section C.6 (Day Care Treatment) or
Section C.14 (Modern Treatments) or Section C.15 (AYUSH Treatments) then the Base Sum Insured for
such serious Illness would be increased by a multiplier as mentioned in the Policy Schedule, provided that;

     Condition:
    a. Such enhancement in Sum Insured would be triggered only for treatment of the listed conditions,

         no other claim would be covered under the enhanced limit.

   b. The enhanced limit provided under this benefit can only be utilized for the listed 37 Serious
       Illnesses and can be availed by any or all Insured Person(s) in the Policy..

   c. The sequence of utilization of Sum Insured will be as below:
           i. Base Sum Insured followed by;
          ii. Health Multiplier (if applicable) followed by;
          iii. Enhanced Cumulative Bonus/Loyalty Credit (if any) followed by;
          iv. ReInsure benefit

   d. The enhancement of limit will happen only once in policy year even if multiple listed Serious Illness
       is diagnosed.

   e. The enhanced Limit cannot be carried forward to next renewal.

                                     List of Serious Illness

S.  Serious Illness                        S.   Serious Illness
No                                         No

1 Cancer                                   21 Balloon Valvotomy/ Valvuloplasty

2 Kidney failure                           22 Carotid Artery surgery

3   Multiple sclerosis   with  persisting  23   Open Chest Coronary Artery Bypass Grafting
    symptoms                                    (CABG)

4 Benign brain tumor                       24 Pericardectomy

5 Parkinson's Disease                      25   Surgery to Place Ventricular Assist devices or
                                                Total Artificial Hearts

6 Alzheimer's Disease                      26 Myocardial Infarction

7 End stage liver failure                  27 Implantation of Pacemaker of Heart

8 Motor neuron disease                     28 Implantable Cardioverter Defibrillator

9 End stage lung failure                   29 Stroke

10 Bacterial Meningitis                    30 Permanent paralysis of limbs

11 Aplastic Anaemia                        31 Burns

12 Pulmonary Thromboembolism               32 Blindness

13  Primary (idiopathic)       pulmonary 33     Abdominal Aortic Aneurysm
    hypertension

14 Infective Endocarditis                  34 Fulminant Viral Hepatitis

15  Major organ         /bone        marrow 35  Severe Rheumatoid Arthritis
    transplant

SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
| www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus                                                   4
SBI General Insurance Company Limited

16 Replacement / Repair of heart valves 36 Systematic Lupus Erythematous

17 Aortic Dissection

18 Cardiomyopathy                          37                         Nephrotic syndrome
19 Surgery for Cardiac Arrhythmia

20 Angioplasty

C.4 Pre-hospitalization Medical Expenses

The Company shall indemnify the Pre-Hospitalization Medical Expenses incurred by the Insured Person,
related to an admissible Hospitalization under Section C.1 (Hospitalization Expenses), for the duration (as
specified in the Policy schedule) immediately prior to the date of admissible Hospitalization covered under
the Policy

C.5 Post-hospitalization Medical Expenses

The Company shall indemnify the Post-Hospitalization Medical Expenses incurred by the Insured Person,
related to an admissible Hospitalization under Section C.1 (Hospitalization Expenses), for the duration (as
specified in the Policy schedule) from the date of discharge from the Hospital, following an admissible
Hospitalization claim under the Policy

C.6 Day Care Treatment

We will indemnify the Medical Expenses incurred by the Insured Person's under any Day Care Treatment
during the Policy Period following an Illness or Injury.
The above coverage is subject to fulfilment of following conditions:

         a. The Day Care Treatment is advised in writing by a Medical Practitioner as Medically Necessary
         Treatment.
         b. The Day Care Treatment would be covered if the Insured Person is admitted for more than 2
         hours and would also cover treatment taken for Angiography, Dialysis, Radiotherapy or
         Chemotherapy for cancer.
What is not covered:
a. OPD Treatment and Diagnostic Services costs are not covered under this benefit

C.7 Domiciliary Hospitalization

We will indemnify on Reimbursement basis only, the Medical Expenses incurred for the Insured Person's
Domiciliary Hospitalization during the Policy Period following an Illness or Injury.

Conditions

The above coverage is subject to fulfilment of following conditions:

a. The Domiciliary Hospitalization continues for at least 3 consecutive days, wherein We will make
payment under this benefit in respect of Medical Expenses incurred from the first day of Domiciliary
Hospitalization;

SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
| www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus                                                       5
SBI General Insurance Company Limited

b. The treating Medical Practitioner confirms in writing that the Insured Person's condition was such that
the Insured Person could not be transferred to a Hospital OR the Insured Person satisfies Us that a Hospital
bed was unavailable.

What is not covered:

Sections C.4 (Pre-hospitalization Medical Expenses) and Section C.5 (Post- hospitalization Medical
Expenses) are not payable under this benefit.

C.8 Home Health Care

The Company shall indemnify the Medical Expenses incurred by the Insured Person on availing treatment
at Home during the Policy Year, if prescribed in writing by the treating Medical Practitioner, provided that:

a. The treatment in normal course would require In-patient Care at a Hospital, and be admissible under
Section C.1 (Inpatient Hospitalization Treatment).

b. The treatment is pre-authorized by the Company as per procedure given under Claims Procedure ­
Section I.

c. Records of the treatment administered, duly signed by the treating Medical Practitioner, are maintained
for each day of the Home treatment.

d. This Cover is not available on reimbursement basis.

C.9 Emergency Road Ambulance Cover (per hospitalization)

We will pay for expenses incurred up to the limit as specified in the Policy Schedule, on Road Ambulance
Services if You required;
 i. to be transferred to the nearest Hospital in an emergency
ii. or from one Hospital to another Hospital
iii. or from Hospital to Home

Provided that claim under Section C.1 (Inpatient Hospitalization Treatment) or Section C.6 (Day Care
Treatment) or Section C.14 (Modern Treatments) or Section C.15 (AYUSH Treatments) is admissible under
the Policy

C.10 Air Ambulance Cover (Domestic)

The Company shall indemnify expenses incurred by the Insured Person during the Policy Year towards
Ambulance transportation in an airplane or helicopter for Emergency Care which requires immediate and
rapid Ambulance transportation that ground transportation cannot provide from the site of first
occurrence of the Illness or Accident to the nearest Hospital. The claim is subject to a maximum of Sum
Insured as specified in the Policy Schedule against this Cover, and subject to the following conditions:

SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
| www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus    6
SBI General Insurance Company Limited

a. The air Ambulance transportation is advised in writing by a Medical Practitioner.
b. Medically Necessary Treatment is not available at the location where the Insured Person is situated at
the time of emergency.
c. The air Ambulance provider is a registered entity in India.
d. The Insured Person is in India and the treatment is taken in India only.
e. No return transportation to the Insured Person's Home or elsewhere by the air Ambulance will be
covered under this Cover.
f. A claim for the same Hospitalization is admissible under Section C.1(Hospitalization Expenses)

C.11 Organ Donor Expenses

We will pay Medical Expenses up to the Sum Insured as specified in the Policy Schedule, towards organ
donor's Hospitalization for harvesting of the donated organ where an Insured Person is the recipient,
provided that
Condition
 i. The organ donor is any person whose organ has been made available in accordance and in compliance

    with The Transplantation of Human Organs (Amendment) Bill, 2011, Transplantation of Human Organs
    and Tissues Rules, 2014 and other applicable laws and rules and the organ donated is for the use of the
    Insured Person, and
ii. We have accepted an inpatient Hospitalization claim for the Insured Person under In-Patient
    Hospitalization Treatment (section C.1).
iii. The Organ Donor's Pre-Hospitalization and Post-Hospitalization expenses are excluded under the Policy
iv. Any other Medical Expenses or Hospitalization consequent to the harvesting is excluded under the
    Policy

Insured Person shall bear specified percentage of admissible Claim amount under each and every Claim If
Co-payment under Section D.3 is opted and specified in the Policy Schedule.

C.12 ReInsure Benefit (Related and Unrelated illness both)

This benefit is triggered and becomes payable for each and every claim from the first claim itself in a policy
year.

Conditions

The above coverage is subject to fulfilment of the following:

a. Single claim under this benefit will be payable up to 100%/200% of Base Sum Insured as specified in the
Policy Schedule.

b. The sequence of utilization of Sum Insured will be as below:
    i. Base Sum Insured followed by;
   ii. Health Multiplier (if applicable) followed by;
   iii. Enhanced Cumulative Bonus (if any) followed by;
   iv. ReInsure benefit

SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
| www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus  7
SBI General Insurance Company Limited

c. Claims under this benefit will be payable only under Section C.1 (Inpatient Hospitalization Treatment)
or Section C.6 (Day Care Treatment) or Section C.14 (Modern Treatments) or Section C.15 (AYUSH
Treatments) arising in that Policy Year for any or all Insured Person(s).

d. Anyone Illness cover will not be applicable under this benefit.

C.13 Bariatric Surgery Cover

If You are hospitalized on the advice of a Medical Practitioner because of conditions mentioned below
which required You to undergo Bariatric Surgery during the Policy Period, then We will pay You, Medical
Expenses as listed in Section C.1 related to Bariatric Surgery
Eligibility:
For adults aged 18 years or older, presence of severe documented in contemporaneous clinical records,
defined as any of the following:
Body Mass Index (BMI);
a) greater than or equal to 40 or
b) greater than or equal to 35 in conjunction with any of the following severe co-morbidities following

    failure of less invasive methods of weight loss:
     i. Obesity-related cardiomyopathy
     ii. Coronary heart disease
     iii. Severe Sleep Apnea
     iv. Uncontrolled Type 2 Diabetes

    Conditions
 i. Our maximum liability will be restricted to up to Sublimit mentioned in the Policy Schedule.
ii. Bariatric surgery performed for Cosmetic reasons is excluded.
iii. The indication for the procedure should be found appropriate by two qualified surgeons and the Insured

    shall obtain prior approval for cashless treatment from the Company.

Insured Person shall not bear specified percentage of admissible Claim amount under each and every
Claim If Co-payment under Section D.3 is opted and specified in the Policy Schedule.

C.14 Modern Treatments/Advanced Procedures

The following procedures / treatments will be covered either as Inpatient Care or as part of Day Care
Treatment as per Sections C.1 and C.6 respectively, in a Hospital :
a) Uterine Artery Embolization and HIFU (High intensity focused ultrasound)
b) Balloon Sinuplasty
c) Deep Brain stimulation
d) Oral chemotherapy
e) Immunotherapy- Monoclonal Antibody to be given as injection
f) Intra vitreal injections
g) Robotic surgeries
h) Stereotactic radio surgeries
i) Bronchical Thermoplasty
j) Vaporisation of the prostrate (Green laser treatment or holmium laser treatment)
k) IONM - (Intra Operative Neuro Monitoring)

SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
| www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus                                 8
SBI General Insurance Company Limited

l) Stem cell therapy: Hematopoietic stem cells for bone marrow transplant for haematological
    conditions to be covered.

b. If We have accepted a claim under this benefit, We will also indemnify the Insured Person's Pre-
hospitalization Medical Expenses and Post-hospitalization Medical Expenses in accordance with Sections
C.4 and C.5

C.15 AYUSH Treatment

The Company shall indemnify the Medical Expenses incurred by the Insured Person for Inpatient Care
under Ayurveda, Unani, Siddha and Homeopathy systems of medicines during each Policy Year up to the
Sub-limit specified against this Cover in the Policy Schedule, in any AYUSH Hospital.

C.16 Recovery Benefit
We will pay a lump sum amount as specified in the Policy Schedule upon Your Medically Necessary
Hospitalization exceeding 5 consecutive and continuous days, provided that, claim is admissible under
Section C.1 (Inpatient Hospitalization Treatment) or Section C.6 (Day Care Treatment) or Section C.14
(Modern Treatments) or Section C.15 (AYUSH Treatments)
This Benefit is over and above base Sum Insured

i. This Benefit amount will not reduce the Sum Insured

ii. This is available per Hospitalization of each Insured Person

Insured Person shall not bear specified percentage of admissible Claim amount under each and every
Claim If Co-payment under Section D.3 is opted and specified in the Policy Schedule.

C.17 Claims Shield

If We have accepted a Hospitalization claim under Section C, then the items which are not payable as per
List I ­ `Expenses not covered' under Annexure II of the policy wording, related to that particular claim will
become payable

C.18 E-Opinion

You may choose E-Opinion on Your medical condition occurring during the Policy Period. We will facilitate
E-Opinion from Our panel of Medical Practitioner under this cover.
Condition:
It is agreed and understood that the E- Opinion will be based only on the information and documentation
provided to Us, which will be shared with the Medical Practitioner and is subject to the conditions specified
below:

 i. You may have option to choose E-Opinion from the list of Specialist as provided by Us on Our Website.
ii. It is agreed and understood that You are free to choose whether or not to obtain the expert opinion,

    and if obtained then whether or not to act on it.
iii. Appointments to avail of this benefit shall be requested through Our Website or through calling Our

    call center on the toll-free number specified in the Policy Schedule.

 SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
 Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
 | www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
 Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
 Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus                               9
SBI General Insurance Company Limited

iv. Under this benefit, We are only providing You with access to an E-opinion and We shall not be deemed
    to substitute Your visit or consultation to an independent Medical Practitioner

v. The E-Opinion provided under this benefit shall be limited to the covered Illness and not be valid for
    any medico legal purposes.

vi. We do not assume any liability towards any loss or damage arising out of or in relation to any opinion,
    advice, prescription, actual or alleged errors, omissions and representations made by the Medical
    Practitioner.

Insured Person shall not bear specified percentage of admissible Claim amount under each and
every Claim If Co-payment under Section D.3 is opted and specified in the Policy Schedule.

C.19 Annual Health Check-up

The Insured Person may avail a health check-up, only for preventive purposes, up to a sub-limit as specified
in Your Policy Schedule.

Conditions

The above coverage is subject to fulfilment of following conditions:

a. This benefit is available only once in a Policy Year and all tests must have been done on the same date
subject to the condition mentioned in the policy schedule.

b. The list of tests covered under this benefit will be Complete blood count, Urine Routine, Erythrocyte
Sedimentation Rate (ESR), Fasting Blood Glucose, Electrocardiogram, S Cholesterol, Complete Physical
Examination by Physician, Post prandial / lunch blood sugar (PPBS / PLBS), Uric Acid, Lipid Profile, Kidney
function test, Serum Vitamin D, Serum Electrolytes, HbA1C, Thyroid profile (TSH), Liver Function Test (LFT),
Treadmill test (TMT) and Ultrasound test.

c. For Family Floater, this cover will be applicable only to adult members of the Family who are aged 18
years and above on the start date of Policy. For Individual, this cover will be applicable to each Insured
Person who are aged above 18 years.

d. Availing of Claim under this Cover will not impact the Sum Insured or the eligibility for Enhanced
Cumulative Bonus (C.22)/Loyalty Credit (C.23).

What is not covered:

Any unutilized test or amount cannot be carried forward to the next Policy Year

C.20 Maternity and Related Expenses Cover
C.20.1 Maternity Expenses (including Pre and Post Natal check-ups)

We will indemnify the Medical Expenses incurred up to the amount specified against this Benefit in the
Policy Schedule for the Maternity Expenses including Pre-natal Medical Expenses & Post-natal check-ups
incurred in respect of the Hospitalization of the Insured Person for the delivery of the child during the
Policy Period.

SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
| www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus                                                           10
SBI General Insurance Company Limited

Conditions:

a. The Company shall be liable under this Benefit only if the Insured Person for whom the Claim is
    made under this Benefit is covered for a continuous period as specified in the Policy Schedule.

b. If the Insured person is covered as a single Adult on an individual basis under the policy, the
    company shall be liable to pay the claim under this benefit, after a waiting period of 48 months
    from the date of issuance of the first policy with Us, provided that the policy has been renewed
    continuously with us without any break and We have received at least 5 continuous annual
    premiums under the Policy.

c. For any other family combination under the policy, the company shall be liable to pay the claim
    under this benefit, after a waiting period of 24 months from the date of issuance of the first policy
    with Us, provided that the policy has been renewed continuously with us without any break and
    We have received at least 3 continuous annual premiums under the Policy.

d. Fresh waiting period as mentioned above under (b) and (c) would apply for all the policies which
    are issued with continuity under portability guidelines either from our existing Health Product or
    any other Non-Health or Standalone Health Insurance Company

e. The insured person for whom the claim has been made under (b) & (c) above has to be the female
    insured covered under the policy and respective waiting periods [as mentioned above under (b)
    and (c)] shall apply.

f. Maternity Expenses incurred in connection with the voluntary medical termination of pregnancy
    during the first 12 weeks from the date of conception shall not be admissible under this Benefit.

g. For this purpose, 'week' shall constitute any consecutive 7 days.
h. Medical Expenses for ectopic pregnancy are not covered under this Benefit.
i. Pre-natal check-ups will be covered from the date of confirmation of pregnancy and Post-natal

    check-ups for a period up to eight (8) weeks from delivery.

C.20.2 New Born Baby Cover

The Company will indemnify up to the amount specified against this Benefit in the Policy Schedule for the
Medical Expenses incurred in respect of a New Born Baby whose claim under Section - C.20.1 (Maternity
Expenses) is admissible by the Company.

a. The coverage will be available in respect of a New Born Baby for 90 days from date of delivery and will
    be covered under Maternity Expenses Sum Insured as specified in the Policy Schedule.

b. New Born Baby older than 90 days and less than or equal to 1 year can be covered under the Policy as
    an Insured Person only by way of an endorsement or at the next Renewal, whichever is earlier, on
    payment of the additional premium.

C.21 Child Vaccination Cover

We will reimburse the expenses up to the limit specified in the Policy Schedule during the Policy Period on
vaccination of the Child till he/she completes 12 year of Age.

Conditions:
    a) Child has to be an Insured under the Policy.
    b) Coverage of the New Born Baby on birth shall be subject to the addition of the New Born Baby
         older than 90 days and less than or equal to 1 year as an Insured Person under the Policy by way

SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
| www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus    11
SBI General Insurance Company Limited

    of an endorsement or at the next Renewal whichever is earlier on payment of the requisite
    premium.
c) Expenses can be claimed under this Section on a Reimbursement basis only.

C.22 Enhanced Cumulative Bonus

Enhanced Cumulative Bonus (ECB) will be applied by 50% of the Base Sum Insured of immediate preceding
Policy Year in respect of each claim free Policy Year (where no claims are reported), provided the Policy is
renewed with the Company without a break, subject to maximum cap of 100%/200% (as specified in the
Policy Schedule) of the Base Sum Insured under the current Policy Year. If a claim is made in any particular
Policy Year, the ECB accrued shall be reduced at the same rate at which it has accrued.

Conditions:

a. In case where the Policy is on individual basis as specified in the Policy Schedule, the ECB shall be added
and available individually to the Insured Person if no claim has been reported. ECB shall reduce only in
case of claim from the same Insured Person.

b. In case where the Policy is on floater basis, the ECB shall be added and available to the family on floater
basis, provided no claim has been reported from any Family Member. ECB shall reduce in case of claim
from any of the Insured Persons.

c. ECB shall be available only if the Policy is renewed/ premium paid within the Grace Period.

d. If the Insured Persons in the expiring policy are covered on an individual basis as specified in the Policy
Schedule and there is an accumulated ECB for such Insured Persons under the expiring policy, and such
expiring policy has been Renewed on a floater policy basis as specified in the Policy Schedule then the ECB
to be carried forward for credit in such Renewed Policy shall be the lowest one that is applicable among
all the Insured Persons.

e. In case of floater policies where the Insured Persons Renew their expiring policy by splitting the Sum
Insured in to two or more floater policies/individual policies or in cases where the Policy is split due to the
child attaining the Age of 30 years, the ECB of the expiring policy shall be apportioned to such Renewed
Policies in the proportion of the Sum Insured of each Renewed Policy

f. If the Sum Insured has been reduced at the time of Renewal, the applicable ECB shall be reduced in the
same proportion to the Sum Insured in current Policy.

g. If the Sum Insured under the Policy has been increased at the time of Renewal, the ECB shall be
calculated on the Sum Insured of the last completed Policy Year.

h. If a claim is made in the expiring Policy Year, and is notified to the Company after the acceptance of
Renewal premium any awarded ECB shall be withdrawn.

i. The sub-limits applicable to various Benefits will remain the same and shall not increase proportionately
with the Sum Insured.

SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
| www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus                                                             12
SBI General Insurance Company Limited

j. In case of Mid-term addition in floater policies, the accumulated ECB will be available among all the
Insured Persons including the newly added member on floater basis.

k. In case of Mid-term addition in Individual policies, the ECB will be accrued for the newly added member
from subsequent renewal after completion of 1 year in the policy

C.23 Loyalty Credit (Sum Insured enhancement irrespective of claim)

If the Insured Person's cover under the Policy is renewed with Us without a break We will increase the
Base Sum Insured applicable under the Policy by 50% of Base Sum Insured of immediate preceding Policy
Year for each successive renewal. The Sum Insured increase will be subject to the maximum of 100% of
Base Sum Insured.
Conditions:

a. In case where the policy is on individual basis as specified in the policy schedule, the loyalty credit shall
   be added and will be available individually to the insured person.

b. In case where the policy is on floater basis, the loyalty credit shall be added and available to the family
   on floater basis.

c. Loyalty credit shall be available only if the policy is renewed/ premium paid within the grace period.
d. If the insured persons in the expiring policy are covered on an individual basis as specified in the policy

   schedule and there is an accumulated loyalty credit for such insured persons under the expiring policy,
   and such expiring policy has been renewed on a floater policy basis as specified in the policy schedule
   then the loyalty credit to be carried forward for credit in such renewed policy shall be the lowest one
   that is applicable among all the insured persons.
e. In case of floater policies where the insured persons renew their expiring policy by splitting the sum
   insured in to two or more floater policies/individual policies or in cases where the policy is split due to
   the child attaining the age of 30 years, the loyalty credit of the expiring policy shall be apportioned to
   such renewed policies in the proportion of the sum insured of each renewed policy
f. If the sum insured has been reduced at the time of renewal, the applicable loyalty credit shall be
   reduced in the same proportion to the sum insured in current policy.
g. If the sum insured under the policy has been increased at the time of renewal, the loyalty credit shall
   be calculated on the sum insured of the last completed policy year.
h. The sub-limits applicable to various benefits will remain the same and shall not increase
   proportionately with the sum insured.
i. In case of Mid-term addition in floater policies, the accumulated Loyalty Credit will be available among
   all the Insured Persons including the newly added member on floater basis.
j. In case of Mid-term addition in Individual policies, the Loyalty Credit will be accrued for the newly
   added member from subsequent renewal after completion of 1 year in the policy.

C.24 Medical Treatment abroad (Listed Major illness, Diagnosis in India)

We will pay the Medical Expenses incurred towards the Insured Person's Inpatient Care outside India
during the Policy Period caused solely and directly due to any of the below listed Illness or for below listed
procedures that occurs or manifests itself during the Policy Period:

No. Name of Major Illness              No. Name of Major Illness

SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
| www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus                                       13
SBI General Insurance Company Limited

1 Cancer Treatment Surgery                 9   Kidney Transplant Surgery in case of End
2 Heart Valve Replacement                      Stage Renal Failure
3 Bone Marrow Transplant
                                           10 Surgical Treatment of Coma
4 Pulmonary Artery Graft Surgery
                                           11 Surgery for Pheochromocytoma

                                           12  Liver Transplant Surgery in case of End
                                               Stage Liver Disease

5 Aorta Graft Surgery                      13  Pneumonectomy - Removal of an entire
                                               lung

6  Coronary Artery By-Pass Surgery Post    14 Surgical removal of an eyeball
   Occurrence of Myocardial Infraction

7 Surgical Treatment for Stroke            15 Heart transplant surgery

8  Lung Transplant Surgery in case of End  16 Craniotomy for Cerebral Aneurysm
   Stage Lung Disease

Conditions:

1) The above listed Illness must be diagnosed in India.
2) The symptoms of the listed Illness first occur or manifest itself during the Policy Period and after

    completion of the applicable waiting periods as specified in the Policy Schedule.
3) Expenses can be claimed under this Section on a Reimbursement basis only.
4) For availing treatment abroad, it should be a `Planned Medical treatment abroad'.
5) The treating medical Practitioner must recommend the necessity of treatment abroad, considering the

    medical condition and availability of treatment at an international centre of excellence which is best in
    class.
6) The Hospitalization is towards Medically Necessary Treatment and follows the written advice of the
    treating Medical Practitioner.
7) For the purpose of this Benefit, the treatment should be taken in a registered Hospital or clinic as per
    law, rules and/ or regulations applicable to the country where the treatment is taken.
8) Claim amount will be paid in INR in Indian account of the Insured.
9) The onus of procuring all the medical documents/requirements to adjudicate any claim will be on the
    Insured Person.
10) Section C.3 (Health Multiplier) and Section C.12 {ReInsure Benefit (Related and Unrelated illness both)}
    will not be applicable if claim is admissible under Section C.24 (Medical Treatment abroad).

C.25 Out Patient (OPD) Cover (Including Diagnostics and Pharmacy Expenses)

We will indemnify the Medical Expenses incurred up to the per member amount specified (subject to per
family limit) against this Benefit in the Policy Schedule for the allopathic OPD expenses including
Diagnostics and Pharmacy.

What all is covered under this:

SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
| www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus                                                      14
SBI General Insurance Company Limited

Professional Fees for medically necessary consultation and examination by medical practitioners to

Fees         assess your health for any illness.

Diagnostic   Medically necessary out-patient diagnostic procedures such as x-rays, pathology, brain
             and body scans (MRI, CT scans) etc. used to make a diagnosis for treatment from a
             diagnostic center.

Pharmacy     Drugs and medicines prescribed by a Medical Practitioner.

Conditions:

a. 20% co-payment will be applicable on Professional Fees
b. 30% co-payment will be applicable on Diagnostics and Pharmacy Expenses to be borne by the Insured
c. The cover excludes expenses incurred towards Spectacles, Contact Lenses, Physiotherapy, Cosmetic

    Procedures, Ambulatory Devices like Walkers, any type of Dental treatment, BP Monitors, Glucometers,
    Thermometers, Dietician Fees, Vitamins and Supplements.
d. Expenses can be claimed under this Section on a Reimbursement basis only.

C.26 Out Patient (OPD) - Dental and Vision Cover

We will indemnify the Medical Expenses incurred up to the limit specified against this Benefit (if
applicable) in the Policy Schedule for the OPD- Dental and Vision Cover.

Conditions:

a. Out-patient dental treatment is covered for, limited to below:

For the immediate relief of dental pain; taken by you from a dentist, provided that We will pay only for X-
rays, extractions, amalgam or composite fillings, root canal treatments and prescribed drugs for the same,
teeth alignment for adolescents.

b. The cover excludes for any dental treatment that comprises cosmetic surgery, dentures, dental prosthesis,
    dental implants, orthodontics, orthognathic surgery, jaw alignment or treatment for temporomandibular
    (jaw), or upper and lower jaw bone surgery and surgery related to the temporomandibular (jaw) unless
    necessitated by an acute traumatic injury or cancer and Replacing any dental appliance which is lost or
    stolen.

c. Diagnostics and Pharmacy Expenses are not covered
d. 50% co-payment will be applicable for each and every admissible claim under this benefit.
e. The cover excludes expenses incurred towards Spectacles, cost of frame, any type of lenses like Contact

    Lenses, etc. and Sunglasses.
f. Expenses can be claimed under this Section on a Reimbursement basis only.

SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
| www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus                                     15
SBI General Insurance Company Limited

    C.27 Out Patient and Prescribed Diagnostic test (Cancer Diagnosed Patients)

    We will indemnify the Medical Expenses incurred up to the limit specified against this Benefit (if
    applicable) in the Policy Schedule for the Out Patient and Prescribed Diagnostic test.

a. Insured must be a Cancer diagnosed patient. This diagnosis must be evidenced by histological evidence of
    malignancy and confirmed by a pathologist

b. The cover will not cover for any type of Pharmacy/Treatment either prescribed or OTC.
c. Out-patient consultation to be taken only by a registered and qualified specialist Medical Practitioner.
d. Expenses can be claimed under this Section on a Reimbursement basis only.

D. Optional covers

D.1 Enhanced ReInsure Benefit

On availing this option, We will refill up to 200% Basic Sum Insured instead of up to 100% (as mentioned
in Policy Schedule under section C.12 ­ ReInsure Benefit) on complete or partial utilization of Your existing
Policy Sum Insured including Enhanced Cumulative Bonus (if applicable) during the Policy Year. The total
amount (Basic Sum Insured and Enhanced Cumulative Bonus and Enhanced ReInsure) will be available to
all Insured Person for all claims under Section C.1 during the current Policy Year.
Rest all terms and conditions remain same as that of Section C.12 - ReInsure Benefit.

D.2 Enhanced Cumulative Bonus Safeguard (if claim amount is 1Lac or less, No reduction in Enhanced
Cumulative Bonus)

On availing of this option, We will protect the percentage of Enhanced Cumulative Bonus (Section C.20)
as specified in the Policy Schedule at subsequent renewal.
Provided that,
a. Claim amount shall not be exceeding 100,000 in expiring Policy.
b. You are eligible to avail this option only at inception of the Policy.

D.3 Co-payment

On availing this option, 10% or 20% Co-Payment as specified in the Policy Schedule, shall be applied on
each and every admissible claim after Deductible wherever applicable under this Policy, once the Co-
Payment option is availed by the Insured Person, it cannot be opted out of at subsequent Renewal.
This co-payment will be additive to any other co-payment in the Policy, if applicable.

D.4 Aggregate Deductible

On availing this option, The Insured Person shall bear on his/her own account an amount equal to the
opted deductible specified in the Policy Schedule for all admissible claims made by the Insured Person and
assessed by the Company in a Policy Year. The liability of the Company to pay the admissible claim under
that Policy Year will commence only once the specified Aggregate Deductible has been exhausted.
Conditions:
a. This Cover can be opted only at inception of the Policy or during subsequent Renewals.

SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
| www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus    16
SBI General Insurance Company Limited

b. Once the Aggregate Deductible option is opted by the Insured Person, it cannot be opted out or reduced
at any time during the Policy Year or at subsequent Renewals. Deductible however can be increased at
the time of Renewal.
c. In case of family floater Policy, the entire amount of Aggregate Deductible must first be exhausted
before the Company pays for claims of any Family Member covered under the Policy.
d. Deductible under this section shall not apply to any claim under Section C.2 (Shared Accommodation
Cash Benefit), C.9 (Emergency Road Ambulance Cover), C.13(Bariatric Surgery Cover),C.10(Air Ambulance
Cover (Domestic), C.18 ( E-Opinion), C.19(Annual Health Check-up), C.16(Recovery Benefit).
e. A Deductible does not reduce the Sum Insured.

D.5 Domestic Help/Staff Indemnity

On availing of this option, We will indemnify the Reasonable and Customary Charges incurred towards
Medically Necessary Treatment taken by the Insured Person i.e. Domestic help in this case, during the
Policy Period for an Illness, Injury or condition as mentioned in Policy Schedule and as described in the
Section C.1(Inpatient Hospitalization Treatment), Section C.6(Day Care Treatment), Section C.14 (Modern
Treatments) or Section C.15 (AYUSH Treatments), Section C.9(Emergency Road Ambulance Cover) and
Section C.13(Bariatric Surgery Cover) of the base policy and contracted or sustained during the Policy
Period.

    Conditions:
a. Maximum liability will be restricted up to the opted sum insured under this benefit as mentioned in the

    policy schedule.
b. The Sum Insured under this cover is independent of the Sum Insured of the base policy.
c. This will be an individual coverage.
d. Can be opted only at inception but can be opted out in any of the subsequent renewals.
e. The terms and conditions will remain the same as that of covered sections under this optional cover as

    described in the Section C.1(Inpatient Hospitalization Treatment), Section C.6(Day Care Treatment), ,
    Section C.14 (Modern Treatments),Section C.15 (AYUSH Treatments) Section C.9(Emergency Road
    Ambulance Cover) and Section C.13(Bariatric Surgery Cover).
f. All Exclusions of the prevailing base policy will be applicable.

    Domestic Help/Staff means, a person who is employed against a remuneration in any household, part time
    or full-time basis to do the household work, driving and/or other activities, but does not include any
    member/Relative of the of the employer or his family. Relative in the purview of this definition means a
    person connected by blood or marriage.

D.6 Additional Basic Sum Insured for Accident related hospitalization

On availing this option, We will provide an additional 2 times of base Sum Insured towards Medical
Expenses incurred for In- Patient Hospitalization Treatment as given in Section C.1, as specified in the
Policy Schedule. This cover applicable only an Emergency caused solely and directly due to an Accident-
causing Injury, of the Insured Person who is Hospitalized for the treatment of such Injury.

Conditions:

1. This Benefit shall be utilized only after base Sum Insured has been completely exhausted.

SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
| www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus                                    17
SBI General Insurance Company Limited

2. This benefit shall be available only once during the Policy Year.
3. This benefit shall be available only for such Insured Person for whom Accidental Hospitalization claim

   is accepted under this Policy.
4. The sequence of utilization of Sum Insured will be as below:

        a. Base Sum Insured followed by;
        b. Enhanced Cumulative Bonus/Loyalty Credit (if any) followed by;
        c. Additional Basic Sum Insured for Accident related hospitalization followed by;
        d. ReInsure benefit

   Insured Person shall bear specified percentage of admissible Claim amount under each and every Claim
    If Co-payment under Section D.3 is opted and specified in the Policy Schedule.

D.7 Wellness Benefit

On availing this option, The Insured Person may avail wellness services as mentioned in the Policy
Schedule. The services may include any or all as specified in the policy schedule:

 Services                  Utilization Parameter (if applicable as per Policy Schedule)
 D.7.1 Health Assistance   Unlimited
 (A.I. Personal Fitness
 coaching)                 Unlimited
 D.7.2 Dietician and
 Nutrition E-consultation  Option 1 - Eligible Customer must utilise Gym Services at least once in
 D.7.3 Unlimited Gym       the first 6 months (from policy start date) to activate the next 6 months.
 Membership                Once suspended, cannot be activated thereafter.
                           Option 2 - Eligible Customer must utilise Gym Services at least once
 D.7.4 Walk Healthy        every quarter (3mth periods from policy start date) to activate the next
 Benefit                   quarter. Once suspended, cannot be activated thereafter.
Condition:                 Collect health benefits by taking steps counted on our App or Activity
                           tracker of the vendor and get discount up to 30% on renewal premium.

The Insured on availing this optional cover can utilize the above services during the policy period subject
to above mentioned utilization parameter.

a. This cover will be available on optional basis. D 7.1 [Health Assistance (A.I. Personal Fitness coaching)],
    D7.2[Dietician and Nutrition E-consultation],D7.3 [Unlimited Gym Membership] can be availed only as a
    combination with or without D 7.4[Walk Healthy Benefit] and D 7.4 [Walk Healthy Benefit] can be given
    on standalone optional basis also.

b. The above mentioned optional covers (D.7.1 to D.7.4) can only be opted at inception of the policy and
    cannot be opted at subsequent renewals.

SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
| www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus                                                                    18
SBI General Insurance Company Limited

c. The services will be provided through an empanelled Service Provider. It is entirely for the Insured Person
    to decide whether to obtain these services.

d. We shall not be responsible for any disputes arising between the Insured Person and the Service Provider
e. We shall not be responsible for any disputes arising between the Insured Person and the Service Provider.
f. The services provided under this benefit, does not constitute medical advice of any kind and it is not

    intended to be, and should not be, used to diagnose or identify treatment for a medical or mental health
    condition.

D.7.4.1 Conditions Applicable to Walk Healthy Benefit [Section D.7.4]

What is covered: We will offer a discount on Renewal premium if the eligible Insured Person(s) achieves
the health points target on the mobile application provided by Us as per the grid mentioned below.

Conditions ­
         The above coverage is subject to fulfilment of following conditions:

    a) Steps taken by the Insured Person, who is covered as an adult under the policy, everyday are
         recorded. Steps counted by the mobile App We provide you to use ONLY would be considered.

    b) Steps accumulated in last 3 months of the Policy Period would not be considered for discount on
         premium for the first renewal. The last 3 months are NOT LOST and will be considered in the
         next Policy Period. All renewals thereafter, will consider points gained in the Policy Period.

    c) The mobile app must be downloaded within 180 days of the Policy commencement to avail this
         benefit. The step count completed by an eligible Insured Person would be tracked on this mobile
         application.

    d) We reserve the right to remove or reduce any count of steps if found to be achieved in unfair
         manner by manipulation.

    e) Discount (if eligible as per the grid below) under this benefit can be availed only by Adult Insured
         person under the policy.

    f) For any mid-term additions under the Base policy, the coverage under Section D.7 (Wellness
         Benefit) can only be opted at subsequent renewal.

                     Steps at        Steps    Total Steps    Discount on renewal premium
                    the end of       in next  considered   (Renewal policy start date 1st Jan
                    9 months         3        for
                                     months   discount                      2023
                      (A) This       (B)      (A + B)
Policy    End of 9    will be                 from 2nd       NOTE: Discount applicable on the
duration  months    considered                Policy       member's premium in Individual sum
                                              Period
                         for                  onwards        insured policies and on the Policy
                     discount                                    premium in case of Floater
                    on the first
                     renewal.

                                                           Individual  Floater   Floater   Floater
                                                           sum         policies  policies  policies
                                                           insured     with 2    with 3    with 4
                                                           policy      Adult     Adult     Adult
                                                           and
                                                           Floater
                                                           policies

SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
| www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus                                                            19
SBI General Insurance Company Limited

                                                           with - 1
                                                           Adult

1st Jan   30th       1500000                               0%          0%
2022      September
          2022       1500001-                                                    0         0
                     2250000
                     2251000 ­                             5%          2.50%     1.65% 1.25%
                     3000000
                     3000001 ­                             15%         7.50%     5.0% 3.75%
                     3750000
                     >=3751000                             20%         10%       6.65% 5.00%
                                                                                 10.0% 7.50%
                                                           30%         15%

                      Steps at       Steps    Total Steps    Discount on renewal premium
                     the end of      in next  considered   (Renewal policy start date 1st Jan
                     21 months       3        for
                                     months   discount                      2024
                       (A).This      (B)      (A + B)
Policy    End of 21    will be                from 2nd       NOTE: Discount applicable on the
duration  months     considered               Policy       member's premium in Individual sum
                                              Period
1st Jan   30th            for                 onwards        insured policies and on the Policy
2022      September   discount                                   premium in case of Floater
          2023       on the first
                      renewal.                             Individual  Floater   Floater   Floater
                                                           sum         policies  policies  policies
                        3000000                            insured     with 2    with 3    with 4
                     3000001 ­                             policy      Adult     Adult     Adult
                     4500000                               and
                     4500001 ­                             Floater
                     6000000                               policies
                     6000001 ­                             with - 1
                     7500000                               Adult
                     >=7501000
                                                                0%          0%

                                                           5%          2.50%        0%        0%
                                                                                 1.65%     1.25%
                                                           15%         7.50%      5.0%     3.75%
                                                                                 6.65%     5.00%
                                                           20%         10%       10.0%     7.50%

                                                           30%         15%

SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
| www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus                                                            20
SBI General Insurance Company Limited

                    Steps at the      Steps    Total        Discount on renewal premium
                     end of 33        in next  Steps      (Renewal policy start date 1st Jan
                      months          3        considere
                    (A).This will     month    d for                       2025
                         be           s (B)    discount
Policy   End of 33  considered                 (A + B)      NOTE: Discount applicable on the
duratio  months                                from 2nd   member's premium in Individual sum
n                   for discount               Policy
                    on the first               Period       insured policies and on the Policy
1st Jan               renewal.                 onwards          premium in case of Floater
2022
                                                          Individua  Floater  Floater  Floater
                                                          l sum      policie  policie  policie
                                                          insured    s with   s with   s with
                                                          policy     2 Adult  3 Adult  4 Adult
                                                          and
                                                          Floater
                                                          policies
                                                          with - 1
                                                          Adult

         30th       Upto                                  0%         0%
         Septembe   4500000
         r                                                                    0%       0%
                    4500001 ­
         2024       6750000
                    6751000­
                    9000000                               5%         2.50% 1.65% 1.25%
                    9000001 ­
                    11250000                              15%        7.50%    5.0% 3.75%
                    >=1125100
                    0                                     20%        10%      6.65% 5.00%

                                                          30%        15%      10.0% 7.50%

E. WAITING PERIOD

We are not liable to make any payment under the policy in connection with or in respect of following
expenses till the expiry of waiting period mentioned below:

I) First Thirty Days Waiting Period:

    a) Expenses related to the treatment of any Illness within 30 days from the first Policy
         Commencement Date shall be excluded excepts claims arising due to an accident, provided the
         same are covered.

    b) This exclusion shall not, however, apply if the Insured Person has continuous coverage for more
         than twelve (12) months.

    c) The within referred waiting period is made applicable to the enhanced Sum Insured in the event
         of granting higher Sum Insured subsequently.

SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
| www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus                                                           21
SBI General Insurance Company Limited

Note: The above waiting period shall not be applicable for claims arising due to Hypertension, Diabetes
and Cardiac Condition. Waiting period specific to these ailments are mentioned in E. IV.

II) Specified diseases and Procedures Waiting Period:

a) Expenses related to the treatment of listed Conditions; Surgeries/treatments shall be excluded
    until the expiry of 24/12 months (as specified in the policy schedule) of continuous coverage after
    the date of inception of the first Policy with Us. This exclusion shall not be applicable for claims
    arising due to an accident.

b) In case of enhancement of Sum Insured the exclusion shall apply afresh to the extent of Sum
    Insured increase.

c) If any of the specified disease / procedures falls under the waiting period specified for Pre-Existing
    Diseases, then the longer of the two waiting periods shall apply.

d) The waiting period for listed conditions shall apply even if contracted after the Policy or declared
    and accepted without a specific exclusion.

e) If the Insured Person is continuously covered without any break as defined under the applicable
    norms of Portability stipulated by IRDAI, then waiting period for the same would be reduced to
    the extent of prior coverage.

i. Illnesses                                         Non infective Arthritis
          Internal Congenital diseases

Diseases of gall bladder including Urogenital system e.g. Kidney stone, Urinary

cholecystitis                                        Bladder Stone

Pancreatitis                                         Ulcer and erosion of stomach and duodenum

All forms of Cirrhosis                               Gastro Esophageal Reflux Disorder (GERD)

Perineal Abscesses                                   Perianal Abscesses

Cataract                                             Fissure/fistula in anus, Hemorrhoids including

Pilonidal sinus                                      Gout and rheumatism

Benign tumors, cysts, nodules, polyps                Osteoarthritis and osteoporosis
including breast lumps

Polycystic ovarian diseases                          Fibroids ( fibromyoma)

Sinusitis, Rhinitis                                  Tonsillitis

Skin tumors                                          Benign Hyperplasia of Prostate

Genetic Disorder

ii. Surgical Procedures                              Tympanoplasty, Mastoidectomy
         Adenoidectomy, tonsillectomy                Nasal concha resection
         Dilatation and curettage (D&C)              Surgery of Genito urinary system
         Myomectomy for fibroids                     Cholecystectomy
         Surgery on prostate                         Hydrocele/Rectocele
         Hernia                                      Joint replacement surgeries
         Surgery for prolapsed inter vertebral disc

SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
| www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus                                                                  22
SBI General Insurance Company Limited

Surgery for varicose veins and varicose  Surgery for Nasal septum deviation
ulcers
                                         Fissurectomy,  Haemorrhoidectomy,
Surgery for Perianal Abscesses
                                         Fistulectomy, ENT surgeries

III) Pre-Existing Diseases:

a) Expenses related to the treatment of a Pre-Existing Diseases (PED) and its direct complications
    shall be excluded until the expiry of 24 months of continuous coverage after the date of inception
    of the first Policy with Us.

b) In case of enhancement of Sum Insured the exclusion shall apply afresh to the extent of Sum
    Insured increase.

c) If the Insured Person is continuously covered without any break as defined under the Portability
    norms of the extant IRDAI (Health Insurance) Regulations, then waiting period for the same would
    be reduced to the extent of prior coverage.

d) Coverage under the Policy after expiry of 24 months for any Pre-Existing Disease is subject to the
    same being declared at the time of application and accepted by Us.

IV) Hypertension, Diabetes, Cardiac Condition: A waiting period of 90 days shall apply for all claims of
     Hypertension, Diabetes, Cardiac Condition except if these diseases are pre-existing and disclosed at the
     time of Policy.

V) Medical Treatment Abroad: Expenses related to the treatment taken abroad for any listed Major
     Illness under this benefit within 36 months from the first Policy Commencement Date shall be excluded.

VI) Maternity and Related Expenses Cover: Single Adult ­ 48 months and All other Family Combinations
     ­ 24 months

F. FREE LOOK PERIOD

The Free Look Period shall be applicable on new individual health insurance policies and not on renewals
or at the time of porting/migrating the Policy.

The insured person shall be allowed free look period of fifteen days from date of receipt of the policy
document to review the terms and conditions of the policy, and to return the same if not acceptable.

lf the insured has not made any claim during the Free Look Period, the insured shall be entitled to

     i. A refund of the premium paid less any expenses incurred by the Company on medical
           examination of the insured person and the stamp duty charges or

    ii. where the risk has already commenced and the option of return of the policy is exercised by the
           insured person, a deduction towards the proportionate risk premium for period of cover or

    iii. Where only a part of the insurance coverage has commenced, such proportionate premium
           commensurate with the insurance coverage during such period;

SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
| www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus                                          23
SBI General Insurance Company Limited

G. PORTABILITY

I. The Insured Person will have the option to port the policy to other insurers by applying to such insurer
 to port the entire policy along with all the members of the family, if any, at least 45 days before, but not
 earlier than 60 days from the policy renewal date as per IRDAI guidelines related to portability.

II. lf such person is presently covered and has been continuously covered without any lapses under any
  health insurance policy with an Indian General/Health insurer, the proposed insured person will get the
  accrued continuity benefits in waiting periods as per IRDAI guidelines on portability.

For Detailed Guidelines on Portability, kindly refer the link-
https://www.irdai.gov.in/ADMINCMS/cms/whatsNew_Layout.aspx?page=PageNo3987&flag=1

For the purpose of this product the Portability is not applicable for Maternity Benefit.

H. GENERAL EXCLUSIONS

We will not make any payment for any claim in respect of any Insured Person directly or indirectly for,
caused by, arising from or in any way attributable to any of the following unless expressly stated to the
contrary in this Policy:

A. Standard Exclusions
   I. Investigation and Evaluation (Code-Excl 04):
          a) Expenses related to any admission primarily for diagnostics and evaluation purposes.
          b) Any diagnostic expenses which are not related or not incidental to the current diagnosis
               and treatment.

II. Rest Cure, rehabilitation, and respite care (Code- Excl 05)
       Expenses related to any admission primarily for enforced bed rest and not for receiving treatment.
       This also includes:
          a) Custodial care either at home or in a nursing facility for personal care such as help with
              activities of daily living such as bathing, dressing, moving around either by skilled nurses
              or assistant or non-skilled persons.
          b) Any services for people who are terminally ill to address physical, social, emotional, and
              spiritual needs.

 III. Obesity / Weight Control (Code- Excl 06)
         Expenses related to the surgical treatment of obesity that does not fulfil all the below conditions:
              1. Surgery to be conducted is upon the advice of the Doctor
              2. The surgery/Procedure conducted should be supported by clinical protocols
              3. The member has to be 18 years of age or older and
              4. Body Mass Index (BMI);
         a) greater than or equal to 40 or
         b) greater than or equal to 35 in conjunction with any of the following severe co-morbidities
              following failure of less invasive methods of weight loss:
             · Obesity-related cardiomyopathy
             · Coronary heart disease

SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
| www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus                                                                    24
SBI General Insurance Company Limited

· Severe Sleep Apnea
· Uncontrolled Type 2 Diabetes

IV. Change of Gender Treatments (Code- Excl 07)
        Expenses related to any treatment, including surgical management, to change characteristics of
        the body to those of the opposite sex.

V. Cosmetic or Plastic Surgery (Code- Excl 08)
       Expenses for cosmetic or plastic surgery or any treatment to change appearance unless for
       reconstruction following an Accident, Burn(s) or Cancer or as part of medically necessary
       treatment to remove a direct and immediate health risk to the insured. For this to be considered
       a medical necessity, it must be certified by the attending Medical Practitioner.

VI. Hazardous or Adventure Sports (Code- Excl 09)
        Expenses related to any treatment necessitated due to participation as a professional in hazardous
        or adventure sports, including but not limited to, para-jumping, rock climbing, mountaineering,
        rafting, motor racing, horse racing or scuba diving, hand gliding, sky diving, deep-sea diving.

VII. Breach of Law (Code- Excl 10)
        Expenses for treatment directly arising from or consequent upon any Insured Person committing
        or attempting to commit a breach of law with criminal intent.

VIII. Excluded Providers (Code-Excl 11)
         Expenses incurred towards treatment in any hospital or by any Medical Practitioner or any other
         provider specifically excluded by Us and disclosed in its website / notified to the policyholders are
         not admissible. However, in case of life-threatening situations or following an accident, expenses
         up to the stage of stabilization are payable but not the complete claim.

IX. Treatment for alcoholism, drug or substance abuse or any addictive condition and consequences
        thereof (Code- Excl 12)

X. Treatments received in health hydros, nature cure clinics, spas or similar establishments or private
       beds registered as a nursing home attached to such establishments or where admission is
       arranged wholly or partly for domestic reasons.(Code- Excl 13)

XI. Dietary Supplements and substances that can be purchased without prescription, including but
        not limited to Vitamins, minerals and organic substances unless prescribed by a Medical
        Practitioner as part of Hospitalization claim or Day Care Procedures. (Code- Excl 14)

XII. Refractive Error (Code-Excl 15)
        Expenses related to the treatment for correction of eye-sight due to refractive error less than 7.5
        dioptres

XIII. Unproven Treatments (Code- Excl 16)
         Expenses related to any unproven treatment, services and supplies for or in connection with any
         treatment. Unproven treatments are treatments, procedures or supplies that lack significant
         medical documentation to support their effectiveness.

SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
| www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus    25
SBI General Insurance Company Limited

XIV. Sterility and Infertility (Code-Excl 17)
         Expenses related to sterility and infertility. This includes:
         a) Any type of contraception, sterilization
         b) Assisted Reproduction services including artificial insemination and advanced reproductive
              technologies such as IVF, ZIFT, GIFT, ICSI
         c) Gestational Surrogacy
         d) Reversal of sterilization

XV. Maternity (Code-Excl 18) (Not Applicable for Section C.20 - Maternity and Related Expenses Cover)
         a) Medical treatment expenses traceable to child-birth (including complicated deliveries and
              caesarean sections incurred during Hospitalization) except ectopic pregnancy;
         b) Expenses towards miscarriage (unless due to an accident) and lawful medical termination of
              pregnancy during the Policy Period.

 B. Specific Exclusions
   I. War (whether declared or not) and war like occurrence or invasion, acts of foreign enemies,

         hostilities, civil war, rebellion, revolutions, insurrections, mutiny, military or usurped power,
         seizure, capture, arrest, restraints and detainment of all kinds.
  II. Nuclear, chemical or biological attack or weapons, contributed to, caused by, resulting from or
         from any other cause or event contributing concurrently or in any other sequence to the loss,
         claim or expense. For the purpose of this exclusion:

         1. Nuclear attack or weapons means the use of any nuclear weapon or device or waste or
              combustion of nuclear fuel or the emission, discharge, dispersal, release or escape of fissile/
              fusion material emitting a level of radioactivity capable of causing any Illness, incapacitating
              disablement or death.

         2. Chemical attack or weapons means the emission, discharge, dispersal, release or escape of
              any solid, liquid or gaseous chemical compound which, when suitably distributed, is capable
              of causing any Illness, incapacitating disablement or death.

         3. Biological attack or weapons means the emission, discharge, dispersal, release or escape of
              any pathogenic (disease producing) micro-organisms and/or biologically produced toxins
              (including genetically modified organisms and chemically synthesized toxins) which are
              capable of causing any Illness, incapacitating disablement or death.

 III. Treatment taken outside India (Section C.24 - Not applicable for product plan variants wherein
         Medical Treatment Abroad is covered).

 IV. Circumcision unless necessary for treatment of a disease, illness or injury not excluded hereunder,
         or, as may be necessitated due to an accident

  V. Convalescence, general debility, "run-down" condition, rest cure, external congenital anomaly.
 VI. Vaccination or inoculation except as part of post-bite treatment for animal bite or for product plan

         variants wherein Child Vaccination cover is covered.
VII. Medical practitioner's home visit expenses during Pre and Post hospitalization period, attendant

         nursing expenses.
VIII. An Insured Person committing or attempting to commit a breach of law with criminal intent,

         intentional self-Injury, or attempted suicide while sane or insane.

SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
| www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus    26
SBI General Insurance Company Limited

 IX. In respect of the existing diseases, disclosed by the insured and mentioned in the policy schedule
         (based on insured's consent), policyholder is not entitled to get the coverage for specified ICD
         codes.

  X. If as per any or all of the medical references herein below containing guidelines and protocols for
         evidence-based medicines, the Hospitalization for treatment under claim is not necessary or the
         stay at the Hospital is found unduly long:

    a. Medical text books,
    b. Standard treatment guidelines as stated in clinical establishment act of Government of India,
    c. World Health Organisation (WHO) protocols,
    d. Published guidelines by healthcare providers,
    e. Guidelines set by medical societies like cardiological society of India, neurological society of India

         etc

 XI. Any permanent exclusion applied on any medical or physical condition or treatment of an Insured
         Person as specifically mentioned in the Policy Schedule and as specifically accepted by
         Policyholder/Insured Person. Such exclusions shall be applied for the condition(s) or treatment(s)
         that otherwise would have resulted in rejection of insurance coverage under this Policy to such
         Insured Person as per Company's Underwriting Policy.

I. CLAIMS PROCEDURE

On the occurrence of any Claim under this Policy, the claim procedures set out below shall be followed.

Procedures             Cashless Hospitalization                    Reimbursement Claims
Claim Intimation
                       You shall intimate the Claims to us through any available mode of communication
                       as specified in the Policy, Health Card or our Website.

Claim Intimation       Within 24 hours of the Emergency            Within 48 hours of admission or
timelines              Hospitalization                             before discharge from the
                                                                   Hospital, whichever is earlier
                       At least 72 hours prior to the planned
                       Hospitalization

                       1. Policy Number

                       2. Name of the Insured Person(s) named in the Policy schedule / Certificate of

Particulars to be          Insurance availing treatment,

provided to us for 3. Nature of disease/illness/injury,

Claim notification 4. Name and address of the attending Medical Practitioner Hospital

                       5. Date and time of event if applicable

                       6. Date of admission

                       1. Policy Number                            Not Applicable

Particulars to be      2. Name of the Insured person(s) named in

provided          for  3.  the Policy schedule availing treatment
                       4.  Nature of disease/Illness/Injury
preauthorization           Name and address of the attending

                       5. Medical Practitioner/ Hospital

SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
| www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus                                                      27
SBI General Insurance Company Limited

                   6. Date of admission & probable date of               Not Applicable
                        discharge

                   7. Approximate Claim Expenses
                   8. Treatment Details
                   9. Claim Form / Pre-Authorization Request

                        form
                   10. Any other relevant information as required
                   11. cKYC Form and KYC Documents
                   I. If the particulars are not provided in full or

                      are insufficient for us to consider the
                      request in Pre-defined Claim Form, We will
                      request additional information or
                      documentation

                   II. On receipt of duly filled pre authorization

Process for obtaining form from the Network Provider along with

Pre-Authorization      other sufficient details to assess the request,

                       We may;·

                   · Issue the authorization letter specifying the

                       sanctioned amount any specific limitation

                       on the claim and non-payable items, if

                       applicable or

                   · Reject the request for preauthorization

                       specifying reasons for the rejection.

List of Documents Not Applicable                                         As listed below
                                                                         Not Applicable
Procedure          for On receipt of duly filled pre-authorization form

Cashless Claims in with other sufficient details to assess a cashless

case of Home       request, the Company will inform the Home

Health Care        Healthcare service provider or Network

                   Provider, who will share the care plan and

                   treatment cost estimation with the Company.

                   On receipt of the complete documents the

                   Company may:

                   a. Issue the authorization letter specifying the

                   sanctioned amount, any specific limitation on

                   the claim and non-payable items, if applicable,

                   or

                   b. Reject the request for pre-authorization

                   specifying reasons for the rejection.

· List of Documents for Reimbursement Claims:
      1. Duly filled and signed claim form
      2. Certified copy of Hospital discharge Summary
      3. Certified copy of final hospital bill, pharmacy bills, Investigation labs bills
      4. All original reports of Investigations done

SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
| www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus                                                       28
SBI General Insurance Company Limited

5. Self-attested Copy of PAN card & Aadhar card, photo Id & address Proof of the nominee /
     beneficiary (Driving license / Passport / Election Card, etc) for address mentioned in claim form
     with cKYC Form

6. Beneficiary bank account / NEFT details: Cancelled cheque or copy of first page of bank passbook
     showing account holder's name, Account number, IFSC code, Branch name etc.

7. Certified copy of Death certificate issued by municipal authority (in case of death of insured)
8. KYC details and Documents

· Claim Document Submission Address                             claim  documents  dispatched.
All claim related documents needs to be sent to below address.
Please do mention appropriate claim number on

Accident & Health claims team
SBI General Insurance Company Limited
9th Floor, Westport, Pan Card Club Road, Baner
Pune, Maharashtra ­ 411 045

· Conditions for obtaining Cashless Facility:
         i. Cashless Facility can be availed only at Our Network Providers. The complete list of Network
               Providers and empaneled Service providers are available on Our Website.
        ii. We reserve the right to modify, add or restrict any Network Provider for Cashless Facilities at
               Our sole discretion. The same shall be duly updated on Our website. You shall check the
               updated list of Network Providers before applying for Cashless Claim.
       iii. Pre-authorization is valid for 15 days from date of issuance and if all the details of the
               Hospitalization/treatment, including dates, Hospital and locations match with the details as
               per Cashless authorized.
       iv. We will make payment for the Cashless authorized amount directly to the Network Provider.
        v. If the claim is not notified to Us within the specified time limits, then We shall be provided
               the reasons for the delay in writing. We will condone such delay on merits where the delay
               has been proved to be for reasons beyond the claimant's control.

· Claim documents submission:
     In case of any Claim, the list of documents as mentioned above shall be provided by the Policy Holder/
     Insured Person to Company within 30 days of date of discharge from hospital.

· Scrutiny and Investigation of Claim:
     We will scrutinize the claim based on submission of above claim documents by you and if any
     deficiency in document we will intimate You in writing within 7 days from the date of submission of
     claim documents. We will initiate and complete such investigation at the earliest, in any case not later
     than 30 days from the date of receipt of last necessary document.

· Claim Assessment
     We will pay fixed amounts as specified in the applicable Sections in accordance with the terms of this
     Policy. We are not liable to make any payments that are not specified in the Policy.

· Condonation of delay:
     If the claim is not notified/ or submitted to Us within the specified time limits, then We shall be

SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
| www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus                                               29
SBI General Insurance Company Limited

provided the reasons for the delay in writing. We will condone such delay on merits where the delay
has been proved to be for reasons beyond the claimant's control.

· Standard Condition for Claim Process

 Claim Settlement
      i. The Company shall settle or reject a claim within 30 days from the date of receipt of last necessary
         document.

ii. ln the case of delay in the payment of a claim, the Company shall be liable to pay interest to the
    Insured Person from the date of receipt of last necessary document to the date of payment of
    claim at a rate 2% above the bank rate.

iii. However, where the circumstances of a claim warrant an investigation in the opinion of the
    Company, it shall initiate and complete such investigation at the earliest, in any case not later than
    30 days from the date of receipt of last necessary document- ln such cases, the Company shall
    settle or reject the claim within 45 days from the date of receipt of last necessary document.

iv. ln case of delay beyond stipulated 45 days, the Company shall be liable to pay interest to the
    Insured Person at a rate 2% above the bank rate from the date of receipt of last necessary
    document to the date of payment of claim.

 Fraud
     If any claim made by the Insured Person, is any respect of fraudulent, or if any false statement, or
     declaration is made or used in support thereof, or if any fraudulent means or devices are used by
     the insured person or anyone acting on his/her behalf to obtain any benefit under this policy, all
     benefits under this policy and the premium paid shall be forfeited.
     Any amount already paid against claims made under this policy but which are found fraudulent later
     shall be repaid by all Insured Person who has made that particular claim, who shall be jointly and
     severally liable for such repayment to Us.
     For the purpose of this clause, the expression "fraud" means any of the following acts committed by
     the insured person or by his agent or the hospital/doctor/any other party acting on behalf of the
     insured person, with intent to deceive the insurer or to induce the insurer to issue an insurance
     policy:

a) the suggestion, as a fact of that which is not true and which the insured person does not
believe to be true;
b) the active concealment of a fact by the insured person having knowledge or belief of the fact;
c) any other act fitted to deceive; and
d) any such act or omission as the law specially declares to be fraudulent

The Company shall not repudiate the claim and / or forfeit the policy benefits on the ground of
Fraud, if the Insured Person / beneficiary can prove that the misstatement was true to the best of
his knowledge and there was no deliberate intention to suppress the fact or that such misstatement
of or suppression of material fact are within the knowledge of the Company.

 Complete Discharge

SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
| www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus     30
SBI General Insurance Company Limited

     Any payment to the Insured Person or his/her nominees or his/her legal representative or assignee
     or to the Hospital, as the case may be, for any benefit under the Policy shall be valid discharge towards
     payment of claim by the Company to the extent of that amount for the particular claim.

 Payment of Claim
     All claims under the Policy shall be payable in Indian currency only.

J. RENEWAL POLICY

1. Renewal Conditions:

     The policy shall ordinarily be renewable except on grounds of fraud, misrepresentation by the insured
     person.
      i. The Company shall endeavor to give notice for Renewal. however, We are not under obligation

          to give any notice for renewal.
     ii. Renewal shall not be denied on the ground that the Insured Person had made a claim or claims

          in the preceding Policy Years.
    iii. Request for renewal along with requisite premium shall be received by Us before the end of the

          Policy Period
    iv. At the end of the policy period the policy shall terminate and can be renewed within the grace

          period of 30 days/15 days (as per the opted premium payment basis) to maintain continuity of
          benefits without break in policy. Coverage in not available during the grace period.
     v. No loading shall apply on renewals based on individual claims experience.

2. Possibility of Revision of terms of the Policy including the Premium Rates.
    The Company, with prior approval of IRDAI, may revise or modify the terms of the policy including the
    premium rates. The Insured Person shall be notified three (3) months before the changes are affected.

K. MIGRATION

The Insured Person will have the option to migrate the Policy to other health insurance products/plans
offered by the Company by applying for Migration of the policyatleast30 days before the policy renewal
date as per IRDAI guidelines on Migration. If such person is presently covered and has been continuously
covered without any lapses under any health insurance product/plan offered by the Company, the Insured
Person will get the accrued continuity benefits in waiting periods as per IRDAI guidelines on Migration.
For Detailed Guidelines on Migration, kindly refer the link
https://www.irdai.gov.in/ADMINCMS/cms/frmGuidelines_Layout. aspx?page=PageNo3987

L. WITHDRAWAL OF THE POLICY

A. ln the likelihood of this product being withdrawn in future, the Company will intimate the Insured
    Person about the same 90 days prior to expiry of the policy.

B. lnsured Person will have the option to migrate to similar health insurance product available with the
    Company at the time of renewal with all the accrued continuity benefits such as cumulative bonus,
    waiver of waiting period as per IRDAI guidelines, provided the policy has been maintained without a
    break.

SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
| www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus    31
SBI General Insurance Company Limited

M. MORATORIUM PERIOD

After completion of eight continuous years under the policy no look back to be applied. This period of
eight years is called as moratorium period. The moratorium would be applicable for the sums insured of
the first policy and subsequently completion of 8 continuous years would be applicable from date of
enhancement of sums insured only on the enhanced limits. After the expiry of Moratorium Period no
health insurance claim shall be contestable except for proven fraud and permanent exclusions specified
in the policy contract. The policies would however be subject to all limits, sub limits, co-payments,
deductibles as per the policy contract.

N. NOMINATION

The Policyholder is required at the inception of the policy to make a nomination for the purpose of
payment of claims under the policy in the event of Your death. Any change of nomination shall be
communicated to the Company in writing and such change shall be effective only when an endorsement
on the policy is made. ln the event of death of the Insured Person, the Company will pay the nominee (as
named in the Policy Schedule) and in case there is no subsisting nominee, to the legal heirs or legal
representatives of the Insured Person whose discharge shall be treated as full and final discharge of its
liability under the Policy.

O. PRE-POLICY HEALTH CHECKUP

Medical Tests are applicable to all insured person(s), as per Plan, Sum Insured chosen and Age of
Insured Person as mentioned below.

Also, in case of any adverse disclosure by insured member, underwriters may ask for additional
medical test as suitable to take prudent underwriting decision.

Pre-policy                        Elite                  Premier                   Platinum             Platinum
 medical     For SI 3 lacs, 5 Lacs, 7 Lacs, 10 Lacs >55  >55 years  For SI 10 Lacs, 15 Lacs, 20 Lacs,    Infinite
check-up                                                            25 Lacs - >45 years
                                  years                             For SI 30 Lacs, 40 Lacs, 50 Lacs -  >=16 years
                                                                    >=18 years
            For SI 15Lacs, 20 Lacs, 25 Lacs > 45 years

Below process shall be applied as per Our medical underwriting suggestion:

· Medical tests will be facilitated by Us and full cost of all such tests will be borne by Us.

P. PREMIUM PAYMENT IN INSTALLMENTS

lf the insured person has opted for Payment of Premium on an instalment basis as mentioned below, the
following Conditions shall apply (notwithstanding any terms contrary elsewhere in the policy)
Grace Period of 15 days for Monthly Payment and 30 days for Single premium, Annual, Half yearly and
Quarterly would be given to pay the instalment premium due for the policy.
During such grace period, coverage will not be available from the due date of instalment premium till the
date of receipt of premium by Company.

 SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
 Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
 | www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
 Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
 Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus                                                                     32
SBI General Insurance Company Limited

The insured person will get the accrued continuity benefit in respect of the "Waiting Periods", "Specific
Waiting Periods" in the event of payment of premium within the stipulated grace Period.
No interest will be charged lf the instalment premium is not paid on due date.
ln case of instalment premium due not received within the grace period, the policy will get cancelled.
In the event of claim, all subsequent premium instalments shall immediately become due and payable.
The Company has the right to recover and deduct all pending installments from the claim amount due
under the Policy.
For long term policy if below mentioned option is opted then single payable premium will be divided into
opted payment instalments.

                                     Option Instalment Premium Option

                                     Option 1 Half yearly

                                     Option 2 Quarterly

                                     Option 3 Monthly

                                     Option 4 Annual Premium

Q. CHANGE OF SUM INSURED

Change of Sum Insured
Sum Insured can be changed (increase / decrease) only at the time of Renewal or at any time, subject to
underwriting by the Company. For any increase in Sum Insured, the waiting period shall start afresh only
for the enhance portion of the Sum Insured.

R. LOADINGS

 i. We may apply a risk loading (additional premium) on the premium payable (excluding
       statutory levies and taxes) based on the details of the Insured Person, including the health
       status, habits and lifestyle, past medical records, declarations on the Proposal Form and
       the results of the pre-Policy medical examination.

ii. The maximum risk loading applicable for an individual shall not exceed above 150% per
       Insured Person. Loadings will be applied from the Inception Date of the first Policy
       including subsequent Renewals. There will be no loadings based on individual claims
       experience on Renewals for the Policies Renewed with Us continuously without any break.

iii. We will inform You about the applicable risk loading through a counteroffer letter and We will
       only issue the Policy once We receive your consent and applicable additional
       premium. In case, You neither accept the counter offer nor revert to Us within 10 working
       days, We shall cancel Your application and refund the premium paid.

iv. Your Policy shall not be issued unless We receive Your consent.

S. DISCOUNTS

Insured is eligible for discount on premium as below:

Family Individual Discount (>= 2 members)              5%

SBI group entity discount                              5%

SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
| www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus                                                                  33
SBI General Insurance Company Limited

Long term discount (will not apply if instalment option is opted)  2 years - 4%
Direct Channel Discount                                            3 years - 6%
                                                                   10%

T. CANCELLATION
a) Cancellation by you:

The policyholder may cancel this policy by giving 15days' written notice and in such an event, the Company
shall refund premium for the unexpired policy period as detailed below:

Refund of Premium (Basis Policy Period) in %

Month                    Policy Tenure 1 Policy Tenure 2 Policy Tenure 3

                         Year          Year                        Year

Up to 1 Month 85.00%                   92.50%                      95.00%

Up to 3 Month 70.00%                   85.00%                      90.00%

Up to 6 Month 45.00%                   70.00%                      80.00%

Up to 12 Month 0.00%                   45.00%                      60.00%

Up to 15 Month NA                      30.00%                      50.00%

Up to 18 Month NA                      20.00%                      45.00%

Up to 24 Month NA                      0.00%                       30.00%

Up to 27 Month NA                      NA                          20.00%

Up to 30 Month NA                      NA                          12.50%

Up to 36 Month NA                      NA                          0.00%

For Policies where Premium is paid by instalment, additional conditions as given below will be applicable.
  i. When annual payment option is chosen, cancellation grid as per 1-Year Tenure policies will be
     applicable.
 ii. For all other options, 50% of current instalment premium will be refunded when the current period
     is less than 6 months into the policy year. For instalment after 6 months, no refund will be payable.
 iii. In case of admissible claim under the Policy, future instalments for the current policy year will be
     adjusted in the claim amount and no refund of any premium will be applicable during policy year.

Notwithstanding anything contained herein or otherwise, no refunds of premium shall be made in
respect of Cancellation where, any claim has been admitted or has been lodged or any benefit has been
availed by You under this Policy.

b) Cancellation by Us:

 The Company may cancel the policy at any time on grounds of misrepresentation non-disclosure of

SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
| www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus                                              34
SBI General Insurance Company Limited

material facts, fraud by the insured person by giving 15 days' written notice. There would be no refund
of premium on cancellation on grounds of misrepresentation, non-disclosure of material facts or fraud.

U. REDRESSAL OF GRIEVANCES

If You may have a grievance that requires to be redressed, You may contact Us with the details of the
grievance through:

For Queries / Service request Registration
Call SBI General Insurance on Toll Free - 1800 22 1111 / 1800 102 1111 Monday to Saturday (8 am - 8
pm).
Fax us at 1800 22 7244
Email us at customer.care@sbigeneral.in
Visit us at any of our Branches

We will acknowledge receipt of your concerns & will respond to you within 72 hours.

Level 1
If you are dissatisfied with the resolution provided above or for lack of response, you may write to
head.customercare@sbigeneral.in We will look into the matter and decide the same expeditiously
within 14 days from the date of receipt of your complaint.

For Senior Citizens: Senior Citizens can reach us at seniorcitizengrievances@sbigeneral.in

Level 2
In case, you are not satisfied with the decision/resolution communicated by the above office, or have
not received any response within 14 days, you may send your Appeal addressed to the Chairman of the
Grievance Redressal Committee at : gro@sbigeneral.in. The Committee will look into the appeal and
decide the same expeditiously on merits.

Level 3
If your grievance remains unresolved from the date of filing your first complaint or is partially resolved,
you may approach the Insurance Ombudsman falling in your jurisdiction for Redressal of your Grievance.
The details of the Insurance Ombudsman can be accessed at (https://www.cioins.co.in/Ombudsman

Level 4
If Your issue remains unresolved You may approach IRDAI by calling on the Toll-Free no. 155255 or You
can register an online complaint on the website http://igms.irda.gov.in

V. SECTION 41 OF INSURANCE ACT 1938 (PROHIBITIOB OF REBATES)

   I. No person shall allow or offer to allow, either directly or indirectly, as an inducement to any
         person to take or renew or continue an insurance in respect of any kind of risk relating to lives or
         property in India, any rebate of the whole or part of the commission payable or any rebate of
         premium shown on the Policy, nor shall any person taking out or renewing or continuing a Policy
         accept any rebate, except such rebate as may be allowed in accordance with the prospectus or
         tables of the insurers.

SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
| www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus                                                                   35
        SBI General Insurance Company Limited

        II. Any person making default in complying with the provision of this section shall be punishable
               with fine which may extend to Ten Lakh Rupees

        IRDAI Regulation no 5- This Policy is subject to regulation 5 of IRDAI (Protection of Policyholder's
        Interests) Regulation Disclaimer: the above is descriptive only. The actual terms and conditions can be
        found in the policy document. Insured's are advised to read the policy document completely for a full
        description of the terms and conditions of coverage and the exclusions relating thereto.
        Note: Policy Term and Conditions & Premium rates are subject to change with prior approval from
        IRDAI.

        DISCLAIMER

        THE ABOVE IS DESCRIPTIVE ONLY. THE ACTUAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAN BE FOUND IN THE
        POLICY DOCUMENT. PROSPECTS ARE ADVISED TO READ THE POLICY DOCUMENT COMPLETELY FOR
        A FULL DESCRIPTION OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF COVERAGE AND THE EXCLUSIONS
        RELATING THERETO BEFORE CONCLUDE THE SALE.
        IRDAI Reg No. 144

        Annexure attached to this Prospectus:
        Annexure ­ I ­ Benefit Illustration in respect of individual and family floater basis

            Coverage opted on        Coverage opted on individual basis covering       Coverage opted on family floater basis with
            individual basis         multiple members of the family under a single     overall Sum Insured (Only one Sum Insured is
            covering each member     policy (Sum Insured is available for each member  available for the entire family)
            of the family            of the family)
            separately (at a single
            point in time)

Age of the                                    Discount,                                Premium or       Floa
members                                       if any                                   consolidated
 insured                                                 Premium                       premium for      ter Premium
                                              Family     after                         all members
            Premium  Sum             Premium  member     Discount  Sum                 of family (Rs.)  disc after     Sum
            (Rs.)    Insured         (Rs.)    discount)  (Rs.)     Insured                                             Insured
                     (Rs.)                                         (Rs.)                                ount discount  (Rs.)

                                                                                                        if     (Rs.)

                                                                                                        any

35 yrs      8,214    500000 8,214             5%         7,803 500000

30 yrs      8,214    500000 8,214             5%         7,803 500000

                                                                                       71,373               0  71,373  500000

15 yrs      5,082    500000 5,082             5%         4,828 500000

10 yrs      5,082    500000 5,082             5%         4,828 500000

        SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
        Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
        | www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
        Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
        Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

        Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus                                                                            36
        SBI General Insurance Company Limited

60 yrs      27,448   500000 27,448                    5%         26,076 500000

56 yrs      27,448   500000 27,448                    5%         26,076 500000

Total Premium for all members of      Total Premium for all members of the Family is  Total Premium when policy is opted on floater
the Family is Rs. 81,488/- when each  Rs. 77,414/- when they are covered under a      basis is Rs. 71,373/-
member is covered separately.         single policy.

Sum Insured available for each        Sum Insured available for each family member is Sum Insured of Rs. 5,00,000/- is available for the
individual is Rs. 5,00,000/-

                                      Rs. 5,00,000/-                                  entire family.

        Note:
         · Premium rates are specified in the above illustration is standard premium rates without
              considering any loading. Also, the premium rates are exclusive of taxes applicable.
         · The above illustration is for Elite Plan. do
         · Family size is considered 6 = 2 Adult + 2 Dependent Child + 2 Dependent Parents.
         · Illustration is given for Sum Insured 5 Lac

            Coverage opted on         Coverage opted on individual basis covering     Coverage opted on family floater basis with overall
            individual basis          multiple members of the family under a single   Sum Insured (Only one Sum Insured is available for
            covering each member      policy (Sum Insured is available for each       the entire family)
            of the family             member of the family)
            separately (at a single
            point in time)

Age of the                                     Discount,  Premiu                      Premium or                 Premium
members                                        if any     m after                     consolidated               after
 insured                                                  Discoun                     premium for                discount
                                               Family     t (Rs.)                     all members                (Rs.)
            Premium  Sum              Premium  member              Sum                of family (Rs.)  Floater                 Sum
            (Rs.)    Insured          (Rs.)    discount)           Insured                             discount                Insure
                     (Rs.)                                         (Rs.)                               if any                  d (Rs.)

35 yrs      15,039   1000000 15,039                   5%  14,287 1000000
30 yrs
15 yrs      15,039   1000000 15,039                   5%  14,287 1000000              85,974           0         85,974 10000
                                                                                                                                00

            6,066    1000000 6,066                    5%  5,763    1000000

        SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
        Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
        | www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
        Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
        Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

        Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus                                                                                37
        SBI General Insurance Company Limited

10 yrs  6,066   1000000 6,066                     5%        5,763      1000000

60 yrs  32,190  1000000 32,190                    5%        30,581 1000000

56 yrs  32,190  1000000 32,190                    5%        30,581 1000000

Total Premium for all members of    Total Premium for all members of the Family is    Total Premium when policy is opted on floater
the Family is Rs. 1,06,590/- when   Rs1,01,261/- when they are covered under a        basis is Rs. 85,974
each member is covered separately.  single policy.

Sum Insured available for each
individual is Rs. 10,00,000/-

                                    Sum Insured available for each family member Sum Insured of Rs. 10,00,000/- is available for the

                                    is Rs. 10,00,000/-                                entire family.

        Note:
         · Premium rates are specified in the above illustration is standard premium rates without
              considering any loading. Also, the premium rates are exclusive of taxes applicable.
         · The above illustration is for Premier Plan.
         · Family size is considered 6 = 2 Adult + 2 Dependent Child + 2 Dependent Parents.
         · Illustration is given for Sum Insured 10 Lac

                Coverage opted on        Coverage opted on individual basis covering  Coverage opted on family floater basis with
                individual basis         multiple members of the family under a       overall Sum Insured (Only one Sum Insured is
                covering each            single policy (Sum Insured is available for  available for the entire family)
                member of the            each member of the family)
                family separately (at
                a single point in
                time)

Age of the
members
 insured

                Premium         Sum      Premium  Discount,  Premium   Sum            Premium or         Floater   Premium   Sum
                (Rs.)           Insured  (Rs.)    if any     after     Insured        consolidated       discount  after     Insured
                                (Rs.)                        Discount  (Rs.)          premium for        if any    discount  (Rs.)
                                                             (Rs.)                    all members                  (Rs.)
                                                                                      of family
                                                                                      (Rs.)

35 yrs          20,602 1500000 20,602 5%                           19,572 1500000

30 yrs          20,602 1500000 20,602 5%                                                       1,05,731  0         105731 1500000
                                                                   19,572 1500000

15 yrs          9,509 1500000            9,509          5%         9,033 1500000

        SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
        Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
        | www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
        Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
        Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

        Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus                                                                                  38
        SBI General Insurance Company Limited

10 yrs               9,509 1500000    9,509        5%             9,033 1500000
60 yrs                                                           35,756 1500000
56 yrs              37,637 1500000 37,637 5%                     35,756 1500000

                    37,637 1500000 37,637 5%

Total Premium for all members of the  Total Premium for all members of the Family               Total Premium when policy is opted
Family is Rs. 1,35,496/- when each    is Rs. 1,28,721/- when they are covered                     on floater basis is Rs. 1,05,731/-
member is covered separately.         under a single policy.
                                                                                        Sum Insured of Rs. 15,00,000/- is available for the
Sum Insured available for each individual Sum Insured available for each family                               entire family.

is Rs. 15,00,000/-                    member is Rs. 15,00,000/-

        Note:
         · Premium rates are specified in the above illustration is standard premium rates without
              considering any loading. Also, the premium rates are exclusive of taxes applicable.
         · The above illustration is for Platinum Plan.
         · Family size is considered 6 = 2 Adult + 2 Dependent Child + 2 Dependent Parents.
         · Illustration is given for Sum Insured 15 Lac

            Coverage opted on         Coverage opted on individual basis covering       Coverage opted on family floater basis with
            individual basis          multiple members of the family under a single     overall Sum Insured (Only one Sum Insured is
            covering each member      policy (Sum Insured is available for each member  available for the entire family)
            of the family             of the family)
            separately (at a single
Age of the  point in time)
members
 insured                                                                                Premium or
                                                                                        consolidate
            Premium  Sum              Premium  Discount,  Premium   Sum                 d premium    Floater   Premium   Sum
            (Rs.)    Insured          (Rs.)    if any     after     Insured             for all      discount  after     Insured
                     (Rs.)                                Discount  (Rs.)               members      if any    discount  (Rs.)
                                                          (Rs.)                         of family              (Rs.)
                                                                                        (Rs.)

35 yrs      45,944 5000000            45,944   5%         43,647 5000000

30 yrs      45,944 5000000            45,944   5%         43,647    5000000             1,67,682     0         1,67,682 5000000
15 yrs                                                    14,600    5000000
10 yrs      15,368 5000000            15,368   5%         14,600    5000000

            15,368 5000000            15,368   5%

        SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
        Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
        | www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
        Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
        Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

        Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus                                                                              39
        SBI General Insurance Company Limited

60 yrs  54,676 5000000              54,676      5%  51,942 5000000
56 yrs                                              51,942 5000000
        54,676 5000000              54,676      5%

Total Premium for all members of    Total Premium for all members of the Family is     Total Premium when policy is opted on floater
the Family is Rs. 2,31,976/- when   Rs. 2,20,377/- when they are covered under a                     basis is Rs. 1,67,682 /-
each member is covered separately.  single policy.
                                                                                     Sum Insured of Rs. 50,00,000/- is available for the
Sum Insured available for each      Sum Insured available for each family member is                        entire family.
individual is Rs. 50,00,000/-       Rs. 50,00,000/-

           Note:
            · Premium rates are specified in the above illustration is standard premium rates without
                 considering any loading. Also, the premium rates are exclusive of taxes applicable.
            · The above illustration is for Platinum Infinite Plan.
            · Family size is considered 6 = 2 Adult + 2 Dependent Child + 2 Dependent Parents.
            · Illustration is given for Sum Insured 50 Lac

        Note: Premium rates specified in the above illustration are standard premium rates without considering any
        loading. Also, the premium rates are exclusive of taxes applicable.

        Annexure ­ II- Rate Chart

        TN_Annexure_2_Offic
        e_Premium_Super_Health.xlsx

        Annexure ­ III ­ Product Benefit Table

        Annexure III - Product
          Benefit Table.docx

        SBI General Insurance Company Limited. Registered and Corporate Office: "9th Floor, Wing A & B, Fulcrum, Sahar Road,
        Andheri (East), Mumbai ­ 400 099 |CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Toll free: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in
        | www.sbigeneral.in | For more details on the risk factor, terms, and conditions, please refer to the Sales Brochure and Policy
        Wordings carefully before concluding a sale| SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance
        Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 |Product Name : Super Health Insurance| UIN: SBIHLIP23050V012223

        Super Health Insurance ­ Prospectus                                          40
