                           The new

Payout for your family in            Payout to you in case of
        your absence        34 major illnesses like Heart Attack,
                           Cancer, Kidney Failure, etc. (optional*)

   Non-Linked Non-Par Life Individual pure risk premium product
*The critical illness benefit is an accelerated benefit and the death benefit will be reduced by the critical illness cover paid to the policyholder. This is available only under Life & Health and All in One Options.
    You strive to provide comfort, happiness, and security to your family and you would want your
    family's future to be secure at all times.
    ICICI Pru iProtect Smart gives you the flexibility to design your safety net so that you can
    protect your family's future to ensure that they lead their lives comfortably without any
    financial worries, even in your absence. This plan offers you the option to enhance your
    coverage against Accidental Death and Accelerated Critical Illnesses and hence ensuring a 360
    degree cover on your life and is also available for sale through online mode.

Key features

             Enhanced protection: Coverage against death, terminal illness and disability
             Comprehensive additional benefits: Option to choose Accidental Death Benefit and Accelerated
             Critical Illness Benefit

Key feaStuperceiasl premium rates for non-tobacco users

             Need based benefit payout: Choose to receive the benefit amount as a lump sum or as monthly
             income for 10 years or a combination of both
             Flexibility to pay premiums once, for a limited period or throughout the policy term

             Tax Benefits may be applicable on premiums paid and benefits received as per the prevailing tax laws

Key benefits for women

                 Special premium rates for life cover and Accelerated Critical Illness Benefit

                 Covers female organ cancers such as breast cancer and cervical cancer under Accelerated Critical Illness Benefit
HHoowwddooeessthtihsisplpanlapnroptreoctteycotuyou

You can choose your level of protection by selecting one of the below benefit options:

Benefit Option                                                  Benefits

Life               Death Benefit + Terminal Illness + Waiver of Premium on permanent disability

Life Plus          Death Benefit + Terminal Illness + Waiver of Premium on permanent disability
Life & Health      + Accidental Death Benefit

                   Death Benefit + Terminal Illness + Waiver of Premium on permanent disability
                   + Accelerated Critical Illness Benefit

All in One         Death Benefit + Terminal Illness + Waiver of Premium on permanent disability
                   + Accidental Death Benefit + Accelerated Critical Illness Benefit

Your premium will vary depending on the benefit option chosen.

Sample premiums

The premiums for various ages and benefit options are given below

Age                Benefit Option

            Life   Life Plus Life and Health All in One

30          9,512  15,512  14,588                               20,588
                           21,478                               27,478
35          12,732 18,732  33,055                               39,055
                           50,685                               56,685
40          18,706 24,706  76,009                               82,009

45          27,750 33,750

50          41,027 47,027

Above premiums are applicable for a healthy non-smoker male life with annual mode of payment and premiums paid regularly for the policy term of 20 years with lumpsum
payout option with Life Cover: 1 Crore, Accidental Death Benefit: 1 Crore, Accelarated Critical Illness Benefit: 25 lakh as applicable under the benefit option. Goods and
Services tax and/or applicable cesses (if any) as per applicable rates will be charged extra.

If not chosen at inception of the policy, You can choose to enhance your coverage by adding Accidental Death Benefit during
the policy term, except in the last 5 years of the policy. Deletion of benefits is not allowed. This feature is available only with
Regular Pay option.

Accelerated Critical Illness Benefit has to be chosen at Policy inception. It cannot be added to your Policy during the Policy term.
Benefits in detail

            Life Option

1. We will pay the Death Benefit (DB) to your nominee/legal heir, on the first occurrence of either
     · Death of the Life Assured, or
     · Diagnosis of Terminal Illness
     The policy will terminate on payment of this benefit. Death Benefit is the Sum Assured chosen by you.

2. On diagnosis of Permanent Disability (PD) due to an accident, the future premiums under your policy for all benefits are
     waived. We understand that paying future premiums to continue your life cover may be a burden in case of a disability.
     That is why this feature ensures that you do not need to pay your future premiums to continue your protection.

            Life Plus Option

In addition to the benefits under the Life Option, you are also covered for Accidental Death (AD) Benefit. In case of death
due to an accident within Accidental Death Benefit term, we will pay your nominee/legal heir AD Benefit as lump sum.
This benefit ensures that you enhance your coverage significantly at very affordable rates. The policy will terminate on
payment of these benefits.
In case no AD Benefit is triggered within the AD Benefit term, then AD Benefit will terminate and premiums corresponding
to it will not be payable. However You would be required to pay premiums for all other Benefits to keep the policy in force.

            Life & Health Option

In this option, along with the benefits under the Life Option, you are also covered for the Accelerated Critical Illness
Benefit (ACI Benefit). The ACI Benefit offers you coverage against 34 critical illnesses. When a major illness strikes, it
can place a huge burden on your family, not only because of the cost of medical care but also because you may not be
able to work. To protect you against this, we will pay you the ACI Benefit, as a lump sum to meet your financial needs.
The benefit is payable irrespective of the actual expenses incurred by the policyholder.
This benefit is payable, on first occurrence of any of the covered 34 illnesses. The ACI Benefit, is accelerated and not an
additional benefit which means, the policy will continue with the Death Benefit reduced by the extent of the ACI Benefit
paid. Premium payment on account of ACI Benefit will cease after payout of ACI Benefit and the future premiums
payable under the policy for death benefit will reduce proportionately. If ACI Benefit paid is equal to the Death Benefit,
the policy will terminate on payment of the ACI Benefit. In case of incidences covered under accidental Permanent
Disability as well as Critical Illness, benefits shall be paid out under both the options.
In case no ACI Benefit is triggered within the ACI Benefit term, then ACI Benefit will terminate and premiums corresponding
to it will not be payable. However You would be required to pay premiums for all other Benefits to keep the policy in force.
            All in One Option

In this option, along with the benefits under Life Option, you are covered for both Accidental Death Benefit and Accelerated
Critical Illness Benefit.

   Critical Illnesses Covered

Sr. No.  Critical Illness                                                        Categories
   1
   2     Cancer of specified severity                                            Cancer
   3
   4     Angioplasty*
   5
   6     Myocardial Infarction (First Heart Attack - of specified severity)
   7
   8     Heart Valve Surgery (Open Heart Replacement or repair of Heart Valves)
   9
  10     Surgery to aorta                                                        Heart and Artery Benefit
  11
  12     Cardiomyopathy
  13
  14     Primary (Idiopathic) Pulmonary hypertension
  15
  16     Open Chest CABG
  17
  18     Blindness
  19
  20     End stage Lung Failure (Chronic Lung Disease)
  21
  22     End stage Liver Failure (Chronic Liver disease)                         Major Organ Benefit
  23
  24     Kidney Failure Requiring Regular Dialysis
  25
  26     Major Organ/ Bone Marrow Transplant
  27
  28     Apallic Syndrome
  29
  30     Benign Brain Tumour
  31
  32     Brain Surgery
  33
  34     Coma of specified Severity

         Major Head Trauma

         Permanent Paralysis of Limbs

         Stroke resulting in permanent symptoms                                  Brain and Nervous System Benefit

         Alzheimer's Disease

         Motor Neurone Disease with Permanent Symptoms

         Multiple Sclerosis with Persisting Symptoms

         Muscular Dystrophy

         Parkinson's Disease

         Poliomyelitis

         Loss of Independent Existence

         Loss of Limbs

         Deafness

         Loss of Speech                                                          Others

         Medullary Cystic Disease

         Systematic lupus Eryth with Renal Involvement

         Third degree Burns (Major Burns)

         Aplastic Anaemia

Please read the definitions and exclusions mentioned in the Terms & Conditions.
*The ACI Benefit for Angioplasty is subject to a maximum of ` 5,00,000. On payment of Angioplasty, if the ACI Benefit is more than ` 5,00,000 the policy will
continue for other CIs with ACI Benefit reduced by Angioplasty payout. The future premiums payable for the residual ACI Benefit will reduce proportionately.
Death Benefit payout options

ICICI Pru iProtect Smart provides the flexibility to take the Death Benefit in a way that meets your financial
requirement. The Death Benefit payout option has to be selected by you at Policy inception. The Death Benefit can
be paid to your beneficiary as:

1. Lump sum: the entire benefit amount is payable as a lump sum

2. Income: 10% of the benefit amount is payable every year for 10 years. This will be paid in equal monthly
     installments in advance at the rate of 0.83333% of Death Benefit Amount. The beneficiary can also advance the
     first year's income as lump sum. The monthly income will start from the subsequent month for 9 years at the rate
     of 0.80% of the Death Benefit Amount.

3. Lump sum and Income: The percentage of the Sum Assured to be paid out as lump sum is chosen at inception.
     The balance Sum Assured will be paid out in equal monthly installments in advance at the rate of 0.83333% per
     month over 10 years.

4. Increasing Income: The benefit amount is payable in monthly installments for 10 years starting with 10% of the
     benefit amount per annum in the first year. The income amount will increase by 10% per annum simple interest
     every year thereafter.

At any time, your beneficiary will have the option to convert all or some of his monthly income into a lump sum. The
lump sum amount will be the present value of calculated at a discount rate of 4% p.a.

The premium for your policy will vary based on the Death Benefit payout option chosen.

Life stage protection

Responsibilities change with time and your protection cover should match those responsibilities. ICICI Pru iProtect Smart offers
the flexibility to increase the level of protection at key life stages of marriage and child birth, without any medicals as below.

Event                                         Additional Death Benefit        Maximum additional
                                     (percentage of original Death Benefit)  Death Benefit allowed
Marriage
Birth / Legal adoption of 1st child                          50%                    ` 50,00,000
Birth / Legal adoption of 2nd child
                                                             25%                    ` 25,00,000

                                                             25%                    ` 25,00,000

Additional premium will be calculated based on the increased Sum Assured and outstanding policy term as per your
age at the time of each such increase.
Eligibility conditions

Premium      Premium Payment                     Minimum/Maximum Policy Term                Minimum/Maximu
Payment               Term                                                                    m age at entry
Options

Single Pay*  Single                              5 years / 20 years                         18/65

Regular Pay  Equal to policy term                  5 years / 85 years less age at entry     18/65
                                                 Whole Life (99 years less age at entry)

             5, 7, PT- 5 years                   10 years / 85 years less age at entry

Limited Pay        10 years                         15 years / 85 years less age at entry   18/65
                                                  Whole Life (99 years less age at entry)   18/55
             60 years less age                   PPT+ 5 years / 85 years less age at entry
                    at entry                      Whole Life (99 years less age at entry)

Minimum Premium                    ` 2,400 excluding applicable taxes such as Goods and Services
                                   tax and/or cesses
Accidental Death Benefit
                                   Minimum: ` 1,00,000
Accelerated Critical Illness       Maximum: Equal to Sum Assured chosen by you, subject to a
(ACI) Benefit                      maximum limit as per the Board Approved Underwriting Policy
Minimum Sum Assured                Accidental death Benefit term will be equal to the policy term or
Maximum Sum Assured                (80-Age at entry), whichever is lower
Mode of Premium Payment
                                   Minimum: ` 1,00,000
                                   Maximum: As per the Board Approved Underwriting Policy.
                                   ACI Benefit is not available for Single Pay policies
                                   ACI Benefit term would be equal to policy term or 30 years or
                                   (75-Age at entry), whichever is lower

                                   Subject to the minimum premium

                                   Unlimited
                                   Single, Yearly, Half-yearly and Monthly

*Max age at maturity for single pay is 75 years
   Safeguard your Family's future in 3 steps

1  Decide the amount of            2  Enhance your policy by selecting         3  Choose your policy term and
   protection you need                from the additional benefits                premium payment term

   Illustrations

   Illustration 1

   Priya is a 32 years old marketing consultant. She has availed a loan for buying a house. Realising the need for
   protection in her fast-paced life, Priya wants to be well prepared for unforseen circumstances in life. ICICI Pru
   iProtect Smart provides the perfect solution for her needs.

   Priya takes ICICI Pru iProtect   Priya is diagnosed with Critical Illness.     On Priya's unfortunate
    Smart with a base cover of     ` 25 lakh is paid as a lump sum and the           death, her nominee
   ` 1 Crore and a CI Benefit of                                                   gets lump sum death
    ` 25 lakh for 30 years. She       Policy continues with reduced Sum
     regularly pays an annual       Assured of ` 75 lakh. The subsequent          benefit of ` 75 lakh and
                                   premiums are proportionately reduced            the Policy terminates.
       premium of ` 18,037.
                                                    to ` 8,959 p.a.

   Age 32                                       40                                                                                                                                                                                      52

Policy year 0 1 2 .......................................................................................... 8 9 10 .................................................................................................................................20
                                                                  Total Premiums Paid= `2,69,841

   Illustration 2

   Anil is a 35 years old project manager in an IT company. Anil wants to ensure that his wife, three year old son and
   retired father live a comfortable life in case of his untimely death. He chooses ICICI Pru iProtect Smart with a Death
   Benefit of ` 1.5 crore with an Income option which will ensure an adequate monthly income for his family.

           Anil takes ICICI Pru iProtect Smart      After Anil's death his policy ensures
           for a base cover of ` 1.5 Crore for                 a monthly income of

             40 years. He regularly pays an         ` 1,25,000 for 10 years to his family.
              annual premium of ` 21,893.

   Age 35                                       44

Policy year 0 1 2 .......................................................................................... 9 10 11 .................................................................................................................
                                                                  Total Premiums Paid= `2,18,930
Maturity or paid-up or survival benefit

There is no maturity, paid-up value or survival benefit available under this product.

Surrender

For Single Pay policies, unexpired risk premium value will be payable if the policy holder voluntarily terminates the policy during
the policy term.
Unexpired risk premium value = (Single Premium * Unexpired risk premium value factor/100)
For unexpired risk premium value for Limited Pay policies, please refer T&C 13.

   Smart Exit Benefit

You have an option to cancel the policy and receive Smart Exit Benefit, equal to Total Premiums Paid** under the policy. No
additional premium is payable to avail this option.
The following terms and conditions shall apply:
· The Sum Assured in the policy at inception is ` 6,000,000 or above.
· This option can be exercised in any policy year greater than 25 but not during the last 5 policy years, provided the age of

     the life assured is 60 years or more at the time of exercise.
· The policy is in-force with all due premiums paid at the time of exercising this option.
· No claim for any of the underlying benefits has been registered and is under evaluation/ or accepted/ or paid/ being paid

     on the policy.
Once this feature is exercised and the benefit is paid, the policy shall terminate and all benefits and interests under this policy
will stand extinguished. The policyholder can either opt for Smart Exit Benefit or Unexpired Risk Premium Value as per S. No.
13 of Terms & Conditions below i.e. he cannot avail both the benefits simultaneously.
**Total Premiums Paid means the total of all premiums received, excluding any extra premium, any rider premium and taxes.
Where Life Stage Protection options has been exercised, Total Premiums Paid includes Premium paid for each tranche of
additional sum assured purchased. In case the benefit term for additional benefit(s), for which additional premium has been
paid, has expired at the time of exercise of Smart Exit Benefit, then Total Premiums Paid shall exclude the premium paid
towards such additional benefit(s).
Terms & Conditions

 1 Free look period                                                           and approved by the Company. The Company reserves the right for
                                                                              independent assessment.
If you are not satisfied with the terms and conditions of the policy, you
may cancel it by returning the policy document to the Company with            A Medical Practitioner is a person who holds a valid registration from
reasons for cancellation within:                                              the Medical Council of any State or Medical Council of India or Council
                                                                              for Indian Medicine or for Homeopathy set up by the Government of
· 15 days from the date it is received, if the policy is not purchased        India or a State Government and is thereby entitled to practice
      through Distance mode*                                                  medicine within its jurisdiction; and is acting within the scope and
                                                                              jurisdiction of license.The Medical Practitioner should neither be the
· 30 days from the date it is received, in case of electronic policies or     insured person(s) himself nor related to the insured person(s) by blood
      policies sourced through Distance Mode. Distance Mode means             or marriage.
      every activity of solicitation (including lead generation) and sale of
      insurance products through the following modes: (i) voice mode,         4  Permanent Disability (PD) due to accident
      which includes telephone-calling (ii) short messaging service
      (SMS) (iii) electronic mode which includes e-mail, internet and         On occurrence of PD due to accident, while the policy is in force, all future
      interactive television (DTH) (iv) physical mode which includes          premiums for all benefits under the policy are waived. PD will be triggered if
      direct postal mail and newspaper and magazine inserts and (v)           the Life Assured is unable to perform 3 out of the 6 following Activities of
      solicitation through any means of communication other than              Daily Work:
      in person.
                                                                              · Mobility: The ability to walk a distance of 200 meters on flat ground.
On cancellation of the policy during the free look period, we will return
the premium paid subject to the deduction of:                                 · Bending: The ability to bend or kneel to touch the floor and
                                                                                    straighten up again and the ability to get into a standard saloon
a. Proportionate risk premium for the period of cover,                              car, and out again.

b. Stamp duty paid under the policy,                                          · Climbing: The ability to climb up a flight of 12 stairs and down
                                                                                    again, using the handrail if needed.
c. Expenses borne by the Company on medical examination, if any
                                                                              · Lifting: The ability to pick up an object weighing 2kg at table height
The policy shall terminate on payment of this amount and all rights,                and hold for 60 seconds before replacing the object on the table.
benefits and interests under this policy will stand extinguished.
                                                                              · Writing: The manual dexterity to write legibly using a pen or pencil,
 2 Life stage protection                                                            or type using a desktop personal computer keyboard.

The policy has to be in force at the time of availing this feature. This      · Blindness ­ permanent and irreversible - Permanent and
feature needs to be exercised within 6 months from the date of the                  irreversible loss of sight to the extent that even when tested with
event and only if no claim for any benefit under the policy has been                the use of visual aids, vision is measured at 3/60 or worse in the
admitted. This feature is                                                           better eye using a Snellen eye chart.

available to the Life Assured underwritten as a standard life at the time     For the purpose of PD, the following conditions shall apply:
of inception of the policy. The insured life has to be less than 50 years
of age at the time of opting for this feature. This feature is available for  1. The disability should have lasted for at least 180 days without
Regular Pay policies only. Such increase in sum assured is only                     interruption from the date of disability and must be deemed permanent
applicable to base death benefit. The ACI Sum Assured and ADB Sum                   by a Company empanelled medical practitioner. In the event of death of
Assured will remain unchanged.                                                      the insured within the above period, the policy shall terminate on
                                                                                    payment of applicable benefits and all rights, benefits and interests
 3 Terminal Illness                                                                 under the policy shall stand extinguished.

A Life Assured shall be regarded as Terminally Ill only if that Life          2. PD due to accident should not be caused by the following:
Assured is diagnosed as suffering from a condition which, in the
opinion of two independent medical practitioners' specializing in                   · Attempted suicide or self-inflicted injuries while sane or insane, or
treatment of such illness, is highly likely to lead to death within 6                  whilst the Life Assured is under the influence of any narcotic
months. The terminal illness must be diagnosed and confirmed by                        substance or drug or intoxicating liquor except under the direction of
medical practitioners' registered with the Indian Medical Association                  a medical practitioner; or

                                                                                    · Engaging in aerial flights (including parachuting and skydiving)
                                                                                       other than as a fare paying passenger or crew on a licensed
                                                                                       passenger-carrying commercial aircraftoperating on a regular
                                                                                       scheduled route; or
      · The Life Assured with criminal intent, committing any breach of                 Company shall not be liable to pay this benefit.
         law; or
                                                                                  d. The policy must be in-force at the time of accident.
      · Due to war, whether declared or not or civil commotion; or
                                                                                  e. The Company shall not be liable to pay this benefit in case the
      · Engaging in hazardous sports or pastimes, e.g. taking part in (or               death of the Life Assured occurs after the accidental benefit term.
         practicing for) boxing, caving, climbing, horse racing, jet skiing,
         martial arts, mountaineering, off piste skiing, pot holing, power        6  Critical Illnesses definitions and exclusions
         boat racing, underwater diving, yacht racing or any race, trial or
         timed motor sport.                                                       1. Cancer of Specified Severity:

3. PD due to accident must be caused by violent, external and visible                   A malignant tumor characterized by the uncontrolled growth and
      means.                                                                            spread of malignant cells with invasion and destruction of normal
                                                                                        tissues. This diagnosis must be supported by histological evidence
4. The accident shall result in bodily injury or injuries to the Life                   of malignancy. The term cancer includes leukemia, lymphoma
      Assured independently of any other means. Such injury or injuries                 and sarcoma.
      shall, within 180 days of the occurrence of the accident, directly
      and independently of any other means cause the PD of the Life                     The following are excluded ­
      Assured. In the event of PD of the Life Assured after 180 days of
      the occurrence of the accident, the Company shall not be liable to                1. All tumors which are histologically described as carcinoma in situ,
      pay this benefit.                                                                    benign, pre-malignant, borderline malignant, low malignant
                                                                                           potential, neoplasm of unknown behavior, or non-invasive,
5. The policy must be in-force at the time of accident.                                    including but not limited to: Carcinoma in situ of breasts, Cervical
                                                                                           dysplasia CIN-1, CIN-2 and CIN-3.
6. The Company shall not be liable to pay this benefit in case PD of
      the Life Assured occurs after the date of termination of the policy.              2. Any non-melanoma skin carcinoma unless there is evidence of
                                                                                           metastases to lymph nodes or beyond;
 5 Accidental Death Benefit
                                                                                        3. Malignant melanoma that has not caused invasion beyond the
For the purpose of Accidental Death Benefit payable on accident the                        epidermis;
following conditions shall apply:
                                                                                        4. All tumors of the prostate unless histologically classified as
a. Death due to accident should not be caused by the following:                            having a Gleason score greater than 6 or having progressed to
                                                                                           at least clinical TNM classification T2N0M0
      · Attempted suicide or self-inflicted injuries while sane or insane, or
         whilst the Life Assured is under the influence of any narcotic                 5. All Thyroid cancers histologically classified as T1N0M0 (TNM
         substance or drug or intoxicating liquor except under the direction of            Classification) or below;
         a medical practitioner; or
                                                                                        6. Chronic lymphocytic leukaemia less than RAI stage 3
      · Engaging in aerial flights (including parachuting and skydiving)
         other than as a fare paying passenger or crew on a licensed                    7. Non-invasive papillary cancer of the bladder histologically
         passenger-carrying commercial aircraft operating on a regular                     described as TaN0M0 or of a lesser classification,
         scheduled route; or
                                                                                        8. All Gastro-Intestinal Stromal Tumors histologically classified as
      · The Life Assured with criminal intent, committing any breach of                    T1N0M0 (TNM Classification) or below and with mitotic count of
         law; or                                                                           less than or equal to 5/50 HPFs;

      · Due to war, whether declared or not or civil commotion; or                2. Open Chest CABG:

      · Engaging in hazardous sports or pastimes, e.g. taking part in (or               The actual undergoing of heart surgery to correct blockage or
         practicing for) boxing, caving, climbing, horse racing, jet skiing,            narrowing in one or more coronary artery(s), by coronary artery
         martial arts, mountaineering, off piste skiing, pot holing, power              bypass grafting done via a sternotomy (cutting through the breast
         boat racing, underwater diving, yacht racing or any race, trial or             bone) or minimally invasive keyhole coronary artery bypass
         timed motor sport.                                                             procedures. The diagnosis must be supported by a coronary
                                                                                        angiography and the realization of surgery has to be confirmed by
b. Death due to accident must be caused by violent, external and                        a cardiologist.
      visible means.
                                                                                        Excluded are:
c. The accident shall result in bodily injury or injuries to the Life Assured
      independently of any other means. Such injury or injuries shall, within           1. Angioplasty and/or any other intra-arterial procedures
      180 days of the occurrence of the accident, directly and independently
      of any other means cause the death of the Life Assured before the           3. Myocardial Infarction (First Heart Attack of Specified Severity):
      expiry of the Accidental Death Benefit cover. In the event of the death of
      the Life Assured after 180 days of the occurrence of the accident, the            The first occurrence of heart attack or myocardial infarction, which
                                                                                        means the death of a portion of the heart muscle as a result of
                                                                                        inadequate blood supply to the relevant area. The diagnosis for
      Myocardial Infarction should be evidenced by all of the following             of at least Class IV of the New York Heart Association Classification
      criteria:                                                                     of cardiac impairment.

      1. A history of typical clinical symptoms consistent with the                 The NYHA Classification of Cardiac Impairment are as follows:
         diagnosis of acute myocardial infarction (For e.g. typical
         chest pain)                                                                a. Class III: Marked limitation of physical activity. Comfortable at
                                                                                       rest, but less than ordinary activity causes symptoms.
      2. New characteristic electrocardiogram changes
                                                                                    b. Class IV: Unable to engage in any physical activity without
      3. Elevation of infarction specific enzymes, Troponins or other                  discomfort. Symptoms may be present even at rest.
         specific biochemical markers.
                                                                                    Pulmonary hypertension associated with lung disease, chronic
      The following are excluded:                                                   hypoventilation, pulmonary thromboembolic disease, drugs and
                                                                                    toxins, diseases of the left side of the heart, congenital heart
      1. Other acute Coronary Syndromes                                             disease and any secondary cause are specifically excluded.

      2. Any type of angina pectoris                                          8. Angioplasty

      3. A rise in cardiac biomarkers or Troponin T or I in absence of overt        Coronary Angioplasty is defined as percutaneous coronary
         ischemic heart disease OR following an intra-arterial cardiac              intervention by way of balloon angioplasty with or without stenting
         procedure.                                                                 for treatment of the narrowing or blockage of minimum 50 % of one
                                                                                    or more major coronary arteries. The intervention must be
4. Heart Valve Surgery (Open Heart Replacement or Repair of Heart                   determined to be medically necessary by a cardiologist and
      Valves):                                                                      supported by a coronary angiogram (CAG).

      The actual undergoing of open-heart valve surgery is to replace or            Coronary arteries herein refer to left main stem, left anterior
      repair one or more heart valves, as a consequence of defects in,              descending, circumflex and right coronary artery.
      abnormalities of, or disease-affected cardiac valve(s). The diagnosis
      of the valve abnormality must be supported by an echocardiography             Diagnostic angiography or investigation procedures without
      and the realization of surgery has to be confirmed by a specialist            angioplasty/stent insertion are excluded.
      medical practitioner. Catheter based techniques including but not
      limited to, balloon valvotomy/valvuloplasty are excluded.               9. Blindness

5. Surgery to aorta                                                                 Total, permanent and irreversible loss of all vision in both eyes as a
                                                                                    result of illness or accident.
      The actual undergoing of major surgery to repair or correct an
      aneurysm, narrowing, obstruction or dissection of the aorta                   The Blindness is evidenced by:
      through surgical opening of the chest or abdomen. For the purpose
      of this definition, aorta shall mean the thoracic and abdominal               a. corrected visual acuity being 3/60 or less in both eyes or ;
      aorta but not its branches.
                                                                                    b. the field of vision being less than 10 degrees in both eyes.
6. Cardiomyopathy
                                                                                    The diagnosis of blindness must be confirmed and must not be
      An impaired function of the heart muscle, unequivocally diagnosed             correctable by aids or surgical procedure.
      as Cardiomyopathy by a Registered Medical Practitioner who is a
      cardiologist, and which results in permanent physical impairment        10. End stage Lung Failure (Chronic Lung Disease):
      to the degree of New York Heart Association classification Class III
      or Class IV, or its equivalent, based on the following classification         End stage lung disease, causing chronic respiratory failure, as
      criteria:                                                                     confirmed and evidenced by all of the following:

      Class III - Marked functional limitation. Affected patients are               1. FEV1 test results consistently less than 1 litre measured on 3
      comfortable at rest but performing activities involving less than                occasions 3 months apart; and
      ordinary exertion will lead to symptoms of congestive cardiac
      failure.                                                                      2. Requiring continuous permanent supplementary oxygen
                                                                                       therapy for hypoxemia; and
      Class IV - Inability to carry out any activity without discomfort.
      Symptoms of congestive cardiac failure are present even at rest.              3. Arterial blood gas analysis with partial oxygen pressure of
      With any increase in physical activity, discomfort will be                       55mmHg or less (PaO2 < 55mmHg); and
      experienced. The Diagnosis of Cardiomyopathy has to be supported
      by echographic findings of compromised ventricular performance.               4. Dyspnea at rest.
      Irrespective of the above, Cardiomyopathy directly related to alcohol
      or drug abuse is excluded.                                              11. End stage Liver Failure (Chronic Liver Disease):

7. Primary (Idiopathic) Pulmonary hypertension                                      Permanent and irreversible failure of liver function that has
                                                                                    resulted in all three of the following:
      An unequivocal diagnosis of Primary (Idiopathic) Pulmonary
      Hypertension by a Cardiologist or specialist in respiratory medicine          1. Permanent jaundice;and
      with evidence of right ventricular enlargement and the pulmonary
      artery pressure above 30 mm of Hg on Cardiac Cauterization. There             2. Ascites; and
      must be permanent irreversible physical impairment to the degree
                                                                                    3. Hepatic encephalopathy.

                                                                                    Liver failure secondary to drug or alcohol abuse is excluded.

                                                                              12. Kidney Failure Requiring Regular Dialysis:

                                                                                    End stage renal disease presenting as chronic irreversible failure of
                                                                                    both kidneys to function, as a result of which either regular renal
      dialysis (hemodialysis or peritoneal dialysis) is instituted or renal  16. Brain Surgery
      transplantation is carried out. Diagnosis has to be confirmed by a
      specialist medical practitioner.                                             The actual undergoing of surgery to the brain, under general
                                                                                   anaesthesia, during which a Craniotomy is performed. Burr hole
13. Major Organ / Bone Marrow Transplant                                           and brain surgery as a result of an accident is excluded. The
                                                                                   procedure must be considered necessary by a qualified specialist
      I. The actual undergoing of a transplant of:                                 and the benefit shall only be payable once corrective surgery has
                                                                                   been carried out.
         i. One of the following human organs: heart, lung, liver, kidney,
             pancreas, that resulted from irreversible end-stage failure of  17. Coma of Specified Severity:
             the relevant organ, or
                                                                                   A state of unconsciousness with no reaction or response to
         ii. Human bone marrow using haematopoietic stem cells. The                external stimuli or internal needs. This diagnosis must be
             undergoing of a transplant has to be confirmed by a                   supported by evidence of all of the following:
             specialist medical practitioner.
                                                                                   · no response to external stimuli continuously for at least 96
      II. The following are excluded:                                                 hours;

         i. Other stem-cell transplants                                            · life support measures are necessary to sustain life; and

         ii. Where only islets of langerhans are transplanted                      · permanent neurological deficit which must be assessed at least
                                                                                      30 days after the onset of the coma
14. Apallic Syndrome:
                                                                                   The condition has to be confirmed by a specialist medical
      Universal necrosis of the brain cortex, with the brain stem intact.          practitioner. Coma resulting directly from alcohol or drug abuse is
      Diagnosis must be definitely confirmed by a Registered Medical               excluded.
      practitioner who is also a neurologist holding such an appointment
      at an approved hospital. This condition must be documented for at      18. Major Head Trauma
      least one (1) month.
                                                                                   Accidental head injury resulting in permanent Neurological deficit to
      The definition of approved hospital will be in line with Guidelines          be assessed no sooner than 3 months from the date of the accident.
      on Standardization in Health Insurance. and as defined below:                This diagnosis must be supported by unequivocal findings on
                                                                                   Magnetic Resonance Imaging, Computerized Tomography, or other
      A hospital means any institution established for in-patient care             reliable imaging techniques. The accident must be caused solely and
      and day care treatment of illness and/or injuries and which has              directly by accidental, violent, external and visible means and
      been registered as a hospital with the local authorities under               independently of all other causes.
      Clinical Establishments (Registration and Regulation) Act 2010 or
      under enactments specified under the Schedule of Section 56(1)               The Accidental Head injury must result in an inability to perform at
      and the said act Or complies with all minimum criteria as under:             least three (3) of the following Activities of Daily Living either with
                                                                                   or without the use of mechanical equipment, special devices or
      i has qualified nursing staff under its employment round the clock;          other aids and adaptations in use for disabled persons. For the
                                                                                   purpose of this benefit, the word "permanent" shall mean beyond
      ii has at least 10 in-patient beds in towns having a population of           the scope of recovery with current medical knowledge and
         less than 10,00,000 and at least 15 in-patient beds in all other          technology.
         places;
                                                                                   The Activities of Daily Living are:
      iii has qualified medical practitioner(s) in charge round the clock;
                                                                                   1. Washing: the ability to wash in the bath or shower (including
      iv has a fully equipped operation theatre of its own where surgical             getting into and out of the bath or shower) or wash satisfactorily by
         procedures are carried out;                                                  other means;

      v maintains daily records of patients and make these accessible              2. Dressing: the ability to put on, take off, secure and unfasten all
         to the insurance company's authorized personnel.                             garments and, as appropriate, any braces, artificial limbs or other
                                                                                      surgical appliances;
15. Benign Brain Tumour:
                                                                                   3. Transferring: the ability to move from a bed to an upright chair
      Benign brain tumor is defined as a life threatening, non-cancerous              orwheelchair and vice versa;
      tumor in the brain, cranial nerves or meanings within the skull. The
      presence of the underlying tumor must be confirmed by imaging                4. Mobility: the ability to move indoors from room to room on level
      studies such as CT scan or MRI.                                                 surfaces;

      This brain tumor must result in at least one of the following and            5. Toileting: the ability to use the lavatory or otherwise manage bowel
      must be confirmed by the relevant medical specialist.                           and bladder functions so as to maintain a satisfactory level of
                                                                                      personal hygiene;
      1. Permanent Neurological deficit with persisting clinical
         symptoms for a continuous period of at least 90 consecutive               6. Feeding: the ability to feed oneself once food has been prepared
         days or                                                                      and made available.

      2. Undergone surgical resection or radiation therapy to treat the            The following are excluded:
         brain tumor.
                                                                                   1. Spinal cord injury;
      The following conditions are excluded:

      Cysts, Granulomas, malformations in the arteries or veins of the
      brain, hematomas, abscesses, pituitary tumors, tumors of skull
      bones and tumors of the spinal cord.
19. Permanent Paralysis of limbs                                                      or wheelchair and vice versa;

      Total and irreversible loss of use of two or more limbs as a result of          iv. Mobility: the ability to move indoors from room to room on
      injury or disease of the brain or spinal cord. A specialist medical                level surfaces;
      practitioner must be of the opinion that the paralysis will be
      permanent with no hope of recovery and must be present for more                 v. To ileting: the ability to use the lavatory or otherwise manage
      than 3 months.                                                                     bowel and bladder functions so as to maintain a satisfactory
                                                                                         level of personal hygiene;
20. Stroke resulting in Permanent Symptoms
                                                                                      vi. Feeding: the ability to feed oneself once food has been prepared
      Any cerebrovascular incident producing permanent neurological                      and made available
      sequelae. This includes infarction of brain tissue, thrombosis in an
      intracranial vessel, haemorrhage and embolisation from an extra           22. Motor Neurone Disease with permanent symptoms
      cranial source. Diagnosis has to be confirmed by a specialist
      medical practitioner and evidenced by typical clinical symptoms as              Motor neurone disease diagnosed by a specialist medical practitioner
      well as typical findings in CT Scan or MRI of the brain. Evidence of            as spinal muscular atrophy, progressive bulbar palsy, amyotrophic
      permanent neurological deficit lasting for at least 3 months has to             lateral sclerosis or primary lateral sclerosis. There must be
      be produced.                                                                    progressive degeneration of corticospinal tracts and anteriorhorn
                                                                                      cells or bulbar efferent neurons. There must be current significant and
      The following are excluded:                                                     permanent functional neurological impairment with objective
                                                                                      evidence of motor dysfunction that has persisted for a continuous
      · Transient ischemic attacks (TIA)                                              period of at least 3 months.

      · Traumatic injury of the brain                                           23. Multiple Sclerosis with persisting symptoms

      · Vascular disease affecting only the eye or optic nerve or vestibular          The unequivocal diagnosis of DefiniteMultiple Sclerosis confirmed
      functions.                                                                      and evidenced by all of the following:

21. Alzheimer's Disease                                                               1. investigations including typical MRI findings which
                                                                                           unequivocally confirm the diagnosis to be multiple sclerosis
      Alzheimer's (presenile dementia) disease is a progressive                            and
      degenerative disease of the brain, characterised by diffuse atrophy
      throughout the cerebral cortex with distinctive histopathological               2. there must be current clinical impairment of motor or sensory
      changes. It affects the brain, causing symptoms like memory loss,                    function, which must have persisted for a continuous period of
      confusion, communication problems, and general impairment of                         at least 6 months.
      mental function, which gradually worsens leading to changes in
      personality.                                                                    Other causes of neurological damage such as SLE are excluded.

      Deterioration or loss of intellectual capacity, as confirmed by           24. Muscular Dystrophy
      clinical evaluation and imaging tests, arising from Alzheimer's
      disease, resulting in progressive significant reduction in mental               Diagnosis of muscular dystrophy by a Registered Medical
      and social functioning, requiring the continuous supervision of the             Practitioner who is a neurologist based on three (3) out of four (4) of
      Insured Person. The diagnosis must be supported by the clinical                 the following conditions:
      confirmation of a Neurologist and supported by Our appointed
      Medical Practitioner.                                                           (a) Family history of other affected individuals;

      The disease must result in a permanent inability to perform three               (b) Clinical presentation including absence of sensory disturbance,
      or more Activities of daily living with Loss of Independent Living" or               normal cerebro - spinal fluid and mild tendon reflex reduction;
      must require the need of supervision and permanent presence of
      care staff due to the disease. This must be medically documented                (c) Characteristic electromyogram; or
      for a period of at least 90 days.
                                                                                      (d) Clinical suspicion confirmed by muscle biopsy.
      The following conditions are however not covered:
                                                                                      The condition must result in the inability of the Life Assured to
      a. neurosis or neuropsychiatric symptoms without imaging                        perform (whether aided or unaided) at least three (3) of the six (6)
      evidence of Alzheimer's Disease                                                 `Activities of Daily Living' as defined, for a continuous period of at
                                                                                      least six (6) months.
      b. alcohol related brain damage; and
                                                                                25. Parkinson's Disease
      c. any other type of irreversible organic disorder/dementia not
         associated with Alzheimer's Disease                                          Unequivocal Diagnosis of Parkinson's Disease by a Registered
                                                                                      Medical Practitioner who is a neurologist where the condition:
      The Activities of Daily Living are:
                                                                                      (a) Cannot be controlled with medication;
      i. Washing: the ability to wash in the bath or shower (including
         getting into and out of the bath or shower) or wash satisfactorily by        (b) Shows signs of progressive impairment; and
         other means;
                                                                                      (c) Activities of Daily Living assessment confirms the inability of the
      ii. Dressing: the ability to put on, take off, secure and unfasten all               Insured to perform at least three (3) of the Activities of Daily
         garments and, as appropriate, any braces, artificial limbs or                     Living as defined in the Policy, either with or without the use of
         other surgical appliances;                                                        mechanical equipment, special devices or other aids or
                                                                                           adaptations in use for disabled persons.
      iii. Transferring: the ability to move from a bed to an upright chair
                                                                                      Drug-induced or toxic causes of Parkinson's disease are excluded.
26. Poliomyelitis                                                                31. Medullary Cystic Disease
                                                                                       Medullary Cystic Disease where the following criteria are met:
      The occurrence of Poliomyelitis where the following conditions                   a) the presence in the kidney of multiple cysts in the renal medulla
      are met:                                                                              accompanied by the presence of tubular atrophy and interstitial
                                                                                            fibrosis;
      1. Poliovirus is identified as the cause and is proved by Stool Analysis,        b) clinical manifestations of anaemia, polyuria, and progressive
                                                                                            deterioration in kidney function; and
      2. Paralysis of the limb muscles or respiratory muscles must be                  c) the Diagnosis of Medullary Cystic Disease is confirmed by
           present and persist for at least 3 months.                                       renal biopsy.
                                                                                            Isolated or benign kidney cysts are specifically excluded from
27. Loss of Independent Existence                                                           this benefit.

      The insured person is physically incapable of performing at least          32. Systematic lupus Eryth. with Renal Involvement
      three (3) of the "Activities of Daily Living" as defined below (either           Multi-system, autoimmune disorder characterized by the
      with or without the use of mechanical equipment, special devices                 development of auto-antibodies, directed against various
      or other aids or adaptations in use for disabled persons) for a                  self-antigens. For purposes of the definition of "Critical Illness", SLE
      continuous period of at least six (6) months, signifying a                       is restricted to only those forms of systemic lupus erythematosus,
      permanent and irreversible inability to perform the same. For the                which involve the kidneys and are characterized as Class III, Class
      purpose of this definition, the word "permanent" shall mean                      IV, Class V or Class VI lupus nephritis under the Abbreviated
      beyond the hope of recovery with current medical knowledge and                   International Society of Nephrology/Renal Pathology Society
      technology. The Diagnosis of Loss of Independent Existence must                  (ISN/RPS) classification of lupus nephritis (2003) below based on
      be confirmed by a Registered Doctor Who is a specialist.                         renal biopsy. Other forms such as discoid lupus, and those forms
                                                                                       with only hematological and joint involvement are specifically
      Only Life Insured with Insurance Age between 18 and 74 on first                  excluded.
      diagnosis is eligible to receive a benefit under this illness .
                                                                                       Abbreviated ISN/RPS classification of lupus nephritis (2003):
      Activities of Daily Living:
                                                                                       Class I - Minimal mesangial lupus nephritis
      1. Washing: the ability to wash in the bath or shower (including
           getting into and out of the bath or shower) or wash                         Class II - Mesangial proliferative lupus nephritis
           satisfactorily by other means;
                                                                                       Class III - Focal lupus nephritis
      2. Dressing: the ability to put on, take off, secure and unfasten all
           garments and, as appropriate, any braces, artificial limbs or               Class IV - Diffuse segmental (IV-S) or global (IV-G) lupus nephritis
           other surgical appliances;                                                  Class V - Membranous lupus nephritis
                                                                                       Class VI - Advanced sclerosing lupus nephritis the final diagnosis
      3. Transferring: the ability to move from a bed to an upright chair              must be confirmed by a certified doctor specialising in
           or wheelchair and vice versa;                                               Rheumatology and Immunology.
                                                                                 33. Third degree burns (Major Burns):
      4. Mobility: the ability to move indoors from room to room on level              There must be third-degree burns with scarring that cover at least
           surfaces;                                                                   20% of the body's surface area. The diagnosis must confirm the
                                                                                       total area involved using standardized, clinically accepted, body
      5. Toileting: the ability to use the lavatory or otherwise manage                surface area charts covering 20% of the body surface area.
           bowel and bladder functions so as to maintain a satisfactory          34. Aplastic Anaemia
           level of personal hygiene;                                                  Irreversible persistent bone marrow failure which results in
                                                                                       anaemia, neutropenia and thrombocytopenia requiring treatment
      6. Feeding: the ability to feed oneself once food has been                       with at least two (2) of the following:
           prepared and made available.                                                (a) Blood product transfusion;
                                                                                       (b) Marrow stimulating agents;
28. Loss of Limbs                                                                      (c) Immunosuppressive agents; or
                                                                                       (d) Bone marrow transplantation.
      The physical separation of two or more limbs, at or above the wrist              The Diagnosis of aplastic anaemia must be confirmed by a bone
      or ankle level limbs as a result of injury or disease. This will include         marrow biopsy. Two out of the following three values should be
      medically necessary amputation necessitated by injury or disease.                present:
      The separation has to be permanent without any chance of                         - Absolute Neutrophil count of 500 per cubic millimetre or less;
      surgical correction. Loss of Limbs resulting directly or indirectly              - Absolute Reticulocyte count of 20,000 per cubic millimetre or
      from self-inflicted injury, alcohol or drug abuse is excluded.                   less; and
                                                                                       - Platelet count of 20,000 per cubic millimetre or less.
29. Deafness

      Total and irreversible loss of hearing in both ears as a result of
      illness or accident. This diagnosis must be supported by pure tone
      audiogram test and certified by an Ear, Nose and Throat (ENT)
      specialist. Total means "the loss of hearing to the extent that the
      loss is greater than 90decibels across all frequencies of hearing" in
      both ears.

30. Loss of Speech

      Total and irrecoverable loss of the ability to speak as a result of
      injury or disease to the Vocal Cords. The inability to speak must be
      established for a continuous period of 12 months. This diagnosis
      must be supported by medical evidence furnished by an Ear, Nose,
      and Throat (ENT) specialist.
Waiting period for Critical Illness Benefit:                                7 Death benefit payout options

1. The benefit shall not apply or be payable in respect of any                    The monthly income will only be payable electronically.
       Critical Illnessfor which care, treatment, or advice was
       recommended by or received from a Physician, or which first          8 Tax benefits
       manifested itself or was contracted during the first six months
       from the date of commencement of risk or 3 months from the                 Tax benefits may be available as per prevailing tax laws. Tax
       policy revival date where the policy has lapsed for more than              benefits under the policy are subject to prevailing conditions and
       3 months.                                                                  provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961. Goods and Services Tax
                                                                                  and Cesses, if any, will be charged extra as per applicable rates.
2. In the event of occurrence of any of the scenarios mentioned                   The tax laws are subject to amendments made thereto from time
       above, or In case of a death claim, where it is established that           to time. Please consult your tax advisor for details, before acting
       the Life Assured was diagnosed to have any one of the covered              on above.
       critical illness during the waiting period for which a critical
       illness claim could have been made, the Company will refund          9 Suicide clause
       the premiums corresponding to the ACI Benefit from date of
       commencement of risk or from the date of revival as applicable       If the Life Assured, whether sane or insane, commits suicide within 12
       and the ACI Benefit will terminate with immediate effect.            months from the date of commencement of risk of this Policy, the
                                                                            Company will refund higher of 80% of the total premiums paid if any till
3. No waiting period applies where Critical Illness is due to accident.     the date of death or unexpired risk premium value as available on date of
                                                                            death, provided the policy is in force.
Exclusions for Accelerated Critical Illness Benefit: No ACI benefit         In the case of a revived Policy, if the Life Assured, whether sane or
will be payable in respect of any listed condition arising directly or      insane, commits suicide within 12 months of the date of revival of the
indirectly from, though, in consequence of or aggravated by any of          Policy, higher of 80% of the total premiums paid, if any till date of death
the following:                                                              or unexpired risk premium value as available on date of death will be
· Pre-Existing Conditions or conditions connected to a                      payable by the Company.
                                                                            The Policy will terminate on making such a payment and all rights,
    Pre-Existing Condition will be excluded. Pre-existing Disease           benefits and interests under the Policy will stand extinguished.
    means any condition, ailment, injury or disease:
    ii. That is/are diagnosed by a physician within 48 months prior         10 Grace period

         to the effective date of the policy issued by the Company or       Grace period: A grace period for payment of premium of 15 days
         its revival or                                                     applies for monthly premium payment mode and 30 days for other
    ii. For which medical advice or treatment was recommended               modes of premium payment, commencing from the premium due date,
         by, or received from, a physician within 48 months prior to        without any penalty or late fee, during which time the policy is
         the effective date of the policy or its revival.                   considered to be in-force with the risk cover without any interruption,
· Existence of any Sexually Transmitted Disease (STD) and its               as per the terms and conditions of the policy. In case of Death of Life
    related complications.                                                  Assured during the grace period, the Company will pay the applicable
· Self-inflicted injury, suicide, insanity and deliberate participation     Death Benefit. If the premium is not paid within the grace period, the
    of the life insured in an illegal or criminal actwith criminal intent.  policy shall lapse and cover will cease.
· Use of intoxicating drugs / alcohol / solvent, taking of drugs
    except under the direction of a qualified medical practitioner.         11 Limited pay option
· War ­ whether declared or not, civil commotion, breach of law
    with criminal intent, invasion, hostilities (whether war is             Premiums need to be paid only for the chosen premium payment term.
    declared or not), rebellion, revolution, military or usurped power      Once premiums have been paid for the premium payment term, the
    or wilful participation in acts of violence.                            policy benefits will continue for the term of the policy.
· Aviation other than as a fare paying passenger or crew in a
    commercial licensed aircraft.                                           12 Premium discontinuance
· Taking part in any act of a criminal naturewith criminal intent.
· Treatment for injury or illness caused by avocations / activities         If the premium is not paid either on the premium due date or within the
    such as hunting, mountaineering, steeple-chasing, professional          grace period, all benefits under this policy will cease.
    sports, racing of any kind, scuba diving, aerial sports, activities
    such as hand-gliding, ballooning, deliberate exposure to
    exceptional danger.
· Radioactive contamination due to nuclear accident.
· Failure to seek or follow medical advice, the Life assured has
    delayed medical treatment in order to circumvent the waiting
    period or other conditions and restriction applying to this policy.
· Any treatment of a donor for the replacement of an organ.
· Any illness due to a congenital defect or disease which has
    manifested or was diagnosed before the Insured attains aged 17.
13 Unexpired risk premium value                                                         within 3 months of the due date of the first unpaid premium.
                                                                                        Any change in revival conditions will be subject to prior approval
For Limited Pay, unexpired risk premium value, if any, will be payable if               from IRDAI and will be disclosed to policyholders.
the policy holder voluntarily terminates the policy during the policy term.
Or for lapsed policies on earlier of:                                             16. No loans are allowed under this policy.
i. Death of the Life Assured within the revival period, or
ii At the end of the revival period                                           17 Modal loadings
Unexpired risk premium value =
(Unexpired risk premium value factor/100) X Annual Premium                    Loadings for various modes of premium payment are given below

14 For Accidental Death Benefit being added                                   Mode of Premium Payment  Loading (as a % of Premium)
                                                                              Monthly                  2.5%
          during the policy term, following conditions                        Semi-Annual              1.25%
          shall apply:                                                        Annual                   NA

      · The policy must be in-force at the time of adding a Benefit           18. The bases for computing unexpired risk premium value factors will
      · There should notbe any claim registered under the policy                    be reviewed from time to time and the factors applicable to
      · Life Assured should not be older than the 55 years (age last                existing business may be revised subject to the prior approval of
                                                                                    the IRDAI.
         birthday)
      · The availability of the AD benefit will be subject to underwriting,   19. If the Policyholder and Life assured are different then upon death
                                                                                    of the Policyholder and subsequent intimation of the death with
         as per the prevailing board approved underwriting policy.                  the Company, the policy shall vest on the Life Assured. Thereafter,
      · The Benefit will commence from subsequent policy anniversary                the Life Assured shall become the Policyholder and will be entitled
                                                                                    to all benefits and subject to all liabilities as per the terms and
         for the remaining policy term or till age 80, whichever is lower.          conditions of the policy. The Life Assured cum Policyholder can
         Provided the outstanding policy term is at least 5 years.The               register due nomination as per Section 39 of the Insurance Act,
         policyholder will have to pay an additional premium for the                1938 as amended from timeto time.
         additional Benefit Sum Assured chosen for the outstanding
         policy term based on his/her then age.                               20 Nomination Requirements

15 Policy revival                                                             Nomination in the Policy will be governed by Section 39 of the
                                                                              Insurance Act, 1938 as amended from time to time. For more details on
A policy which has discontinued payment of premium may be revived             this section, please refer to our website.
subject to underwriting and the following conditions:
                                                                              21 Assignment Requirements
      · The application for revival is made within 5 years from the due
         date of the first unpaid premium and before the termination          Assignment in the Policy will be governed by Section 38 of the
         date of the policy. Revival will be based on the prevailing Board    Insurance Act, 1938 as amended from time to time. For more details on
         approved underwriting policy.                                        this section, please refer to our website.

      · The Policyholder furnishes, at his own expense, satisfactory          22 Section 41
         evidence of health of the Life Assured as required by the
         prevailing Board approved underwriting policy.                       In accordance to the Section 41 of the Insurance Act 1938, as amended
                                                                              from time to time, no person shall allow or offer to allow, either directly
      · The arrears of premiums together with interest at such rate as        or indirectly, as an inducement to any person to take or renew or
         the Company may charge for late payment of premiums are              continue an insurance in respect of any kind of risk relating to lives or
         paid. The interest rate applicable in July 2023 is 8.59% p.a.        property in India, any rebate of the whole or part of the commission
         compounded half yearly. The revival of the policy may be on          payable or any rebate of the premium shown on the policy, nor shall
         terms different from those applicable to the policy before           any person taking out or renewing or continuing a policy accept any
         premiums were discontinued; for example, extra mortality             rebate, except such rebate as may be allowed in accordance with the
         premiums or charges may be applicable.                               published prospectuses or tables of the insurer.

      · The Company reserves the right to not revive the policy. The
         revival will take effect only if it is specifically communicated by
         the Company to the Policyholder.

      For ACI Benefit, a waiting period of 3 months will be applicable for
      any revivals after 3 months from the due date of the first unpaid
      premium. No waiting period will be applicable for any revival
Any person making default in complying with the provisions of this        material fact are within the knowledge of the insurer: Provided that
section shall be punishable with fine which may extend to ten lakh        in case of fraud, the onus of disproving lies upon the beneficiaries,
rupees.                                                                   in case the policyholder is not alive. 4) A policy of life insurance may
                                                                          be called in question at any time within three years from the date of
23 Section 45 of the Insurance Act, 1938, as                              issuance of the policy or the date of commencement of risk or the
                                                                          date of revival of the policy or the date of the rider to the policy,
           amended from time to time:                                     whichever is later, on the ground that any statement of or
                                                                          suppression of a fact material to the expectancy of the life of the
1) No policy of life insurance shall be called in question on any         insured was incorrectly made in the proposal or other document on
ground whatsoever after the expiry of three years from the date of        the basis of which the policy was issued or revived or rider issued:
the policy, i.e., from the date of issuance of the policy or the date of  Provided that the insurer shall have to communicate in writing to
commencement of risk or the date of revival of the policy or the date     the insured or the legal representatives or nominees or assignees of
of the rider to the policy, whichever is later. 2) A policy of life       the insured the grounds and materials on which such decision to
insurance may be called in question at any time within three years        repudiate the policy of life insurance is based: Provided further that
from the date of issuance of the policy or the date of                    in case of repudiation of the policy on the ground of misstatement
commencement of risk or the date of revival of the policy or the date     or suppression of a material fact, and not on the ground of fraud,
of the rider to the policy, whichever is later, on the ground of fraud:   the premiums collected on the policy till the date of repudiation
Provided that the insurer shall have to communicate in writing to         shall be paid to the insured or the legal representatives or nominees
the insured or the legal representatives or nominees or assignees of      or assignees of the insured within a period of ninety days from the
the insured the grounds and materials on which such decision is           date of such repudiation. 5) Nothing in this section shall prevent the
based. 3) Notwithstanding anything contained in sub-section (2),          insurer from calling for proof of age at any time if he is entitled to do
no insurer shall repudiate a life insurance policy on the ground of       so, and no policy shall be deemed to be called in question merely
fraud if the insured can prove that the mis-statement of or               because the terms of the policy are adjusted on subsequent proof
suppression of a material fact was true to the best of his                that the age of the Life Insured was incorrectly stated in the
knowledge and belief or that there was no deliberate intention to         proposal.
suppress the fact or that such mis-statement of or suppression of a
                                                                          24. The product is also available for sale through online mode.
                                           About ICICI Prudential Life Insurance

       ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited is a joint venture between ICICI Bank Limited and Prudential
       Corporation Holdings Limited, a part of the Prudential group. ICICI Prudential began its operations in Fiscal 2001 after
       receiving approval from Insurance Regulatory Development Authority of India (IRDAI) in November 2000.
       ICICI Prudential Life Insurance has maintained its focus on offering a wide range of savings and protection products
       that meet the different life stage requirements of customers.

                                                              For more information:
                             Customers calling from any where in India, please dial 1860 266 7766
                             Do not prefix this number with "+" or "91" or "00" (local charges apply)

                                                 Call Centre Timings: 10.00 am to 7.00 pm
                                             Monday to Saturday, except National Holidays.
                                            To know more, please visit www.iciciprulife.com

             ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Regn. No. 105. CIN: L66010MH2000PLC127837.
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited. Registered Address: ICICI PruLife Towers, 1089, Appasaheb Marathe Marg,
Prabhadevi, Mumbai - 400025. The product brochure is indicative of the terms & conditions, warranties & exceptions contained
in the insurance policy. For further details, please refer to the policy document. In the event of conflict, if any between the terms
and conditions contained in this brochure and those contained in the policy documents, the terms & conditions contained in the
policy document shall prevail. Trade Logo displayed above belongs to ICICI Bank Limited & Prudential IP Services Limited and
used by ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited under license. ICICI Pru iProtect Smart: Form No.:T50, T51. UIN:
105N151V08. Advt. No.:L/II/0433/2023-24.

                                                    BEWARE OF SPURIOUS / FRAUD PHONE CALLS!
       IRDAI is not involved in activities like selling insurance policies, announcing bonus or investment of premiums. Public

                                        receiving such phone calls are requested to lodge a police complaint.
