Insure your family's future with a plan
that adjusts to their changing needs.

NEW                                                       99.5 %

              Click 2 Protect Super                              Individual
                                                               Death Claim
  A Non-Linked, Non-Participating, Individual, Pure Risk
  Premium/ Savings Life Insurance Plan                         Settlement
                                                                   Ratio*

Flexibility to choose  Option to increase                 Option to
from multiple          your cover at                      extend the
coverage options1      key life stages2                   policy term3

             Click 2 Protect Super

A Non-Linked, Non-Participating, Individual, Pure Risk
Premium/ Savings Life Insurance Plan

*Individual death claim settlement ratio by number of policies as per audited annual statistics for FY 2023-24
1 There are three different coverage options available under the plan - Level (Life Option - Variant A), Increasing
(Life Option - Variant B & C) or Decreasing (Life Goal Option).
2 Life Assured should be less than 45 years of age during events (Marriage or child birth).
3 Under Renewability Option at Maturity,the policyholder can choose to extend the term of their policy.
                        Click 2 Protect Super

                                     A Non-Linked, Non-Participating, Individual, Pure Risk Premium/ Savings Life Insurance Plan

In this day and age of uncertainty, it is crucial to stay protected and secure your
family's future against any ambiguity that life may bring. To help cope with these
uncertainties, HDFC Life is proud to present HDFC Life Click 2 Protect Super, an intelli-
gent term plan that provides benefits as per your altering lifestyle and life stage
needs and helps you and your family stay truly protected.

KEY FEATURES

  Provides comprehensive financial protection to your family
  Option to choose a cover which fits your needs from 3 plan options
  Get back all premiums paid on survival till maturity with Return of Premium^ option
  Additional amount payable in case of accidental death* during policy term
  Provides Acceleration of Death benefit^ on diagnosis of specified terminal illnesses, till
  age 80 years.
  Option to choose increasing Death Benefit up to 200% under Life option
  Option to vary your Death Benefit according to your need under Life Goal option
  Waiver of Premium on diagnosis of Critical Illness (through WOP CI option)
  Waiver of Premium on Total and Permanent Disability (through WOP Disability option)
  Option to choose Additional Cover for Spouse^
  Option to receive Death Benefit in Instalments
  Option to financially protect your parent (s) / grandparent (s) till their survival under
  Parent Secure Option#

^ Available under Life & Life Plus plan options, # Available under only Life plan option
*Available under Life Plus plan option

 ELIGIBILITY

Plan Option             Life                  Life Plus                 Life Goal
Min. Age at Entry
Max. Age at Entry       84 years              18 years
Min. Age at Maturity                                          65 years
Max. Age at Maturity
                                  18 years                              23 years
Min. Policy Term (PT)
                                              85 years
Max. Policy Term (PT)
Min. Basic Sum Assured  Single Pay: 1 month                Single Pay: 5 years
                        Regular Pay: 2 years               Limited Pay: 7 years
Max. Basic Sum          Limited Pay: 3 years
Assured
                                  85 years ­ Age at Entry

                                              `10,000

                        For Entry age > 65 years: `50,000
                        For all other cases : There is no maximum limit. However, the acceptance
                        of any case is subject to Board Approved Underwriting Policy (BAUP).

                                  1
    Premium   Option / PPT  Regular Pay       Single Pay            Limited Pay
Payment Term       Life^          Yes
                                  No                Yes        2 years to any PPT
       (PPT)     Life Plus                                       less than the PT
                Life Goal

              ^ For age at entry greater than 65 years only single pay will be allowed

All ages are expressed as on last birthday. For all ages, risk commences from the date of
inception of the contract.

Minimum/Maximum premium will be consistent with Minimum/Maximum Sum Assured.
Premium will vary depending on the plan option chosen.
For non-annual modes, premiums paid are calculated as: annual premium multiplied by
a conversion factor as given below:

Frequency                   Conversion Factor
Half-yearly                          0.5100
Quarterly                            0.2600
Monthly                              0.0875

The product can also be purchased online via company website.

 PLAN OPTIONS

Following options are available under the plan where the premium will vary depending
upon the option chosen:

              Under this option, the life assured is covered for death benefit

1  Life       during the policy term, which can be accelerated in the case of

              diagnosis of terminal illness.

2 Life Plus   Under this option, the life assured is covered for death benefit,
              which can be accelerated in the case of diagnosis of terminal illness.
              An additional amount will be payable in case of accidental death
              during policy term.

                          Under this option, the sum assured payable on death would vary

 3 Life Goal with the policy year, in accordance with the `Level Cover Period' and

                          `Amortisation Rate' as chosen by the policyholder.

The policyholder can choose any one of the above options, 1, 2 & 3 at the outset.

                                                                                  2
BENEFITS PAYABLE UNDER VARIOUS PLAN OPTIONS

1 . Life Option:
Under this option, the life assured is covered for death benefit during the policy term, which
can be accelerated in the case of diagnosis of terminal illness.

The policy could be purchased on a single life basis or Spouse Cover could be opted for as
well. For details on the Spouse Cover, please refer to `Spouse Cover option' section.

Example: Mr. Bansal, a 35 years old gentleman, buys the Option A of Life Option of HDFC
Life Click 2 Protect Super for a policy term of 40 years, regular pay, and avails a level cover
of INR 1,00,00,000 by paying a premium of `20,033 annually (excluding taxes).

Mr. Bansal passes away in the 7th policy year. His nominee will receive a lump sum
benefit of ` 1,00,00,000.

Total Premiums Paid: `1,40,231

                                             On death of the Life Assured
                                             during the 7thPolicy Year, a lump
                                             sum benefits `10,000,000
                                             is paid out to the Nominess

Policy      23456
Starts 0 1

                                         Policy Terminates
                                       Policy Term (40 years)
Annualized premium `20,033

Death Benefit:
"Death Benefit" is payable as a lump sum if life assured dies during the policy term. It
is the higher of:

     Sum Assured on Death × SA Factor applicable in the policy year of death
     105% of Total Premiums Paid

                                3
SA Factor will be based on the option chosen by the policyholder:

Option  SA Factor

A       Equal to 100% throughout the policy term

        Equal to 100% during the first 5 policy years and then a simple
        increase of 10% after every 5 years, subject to a cap of 200%:

        Policy Year SA Factor Policy Year SA Factor

        1 to 5     100%      31 to 35             160%

B       6 to 10    110%      36 to 40             170%

        11 to 15   120%      41 to 45             180%

        16 to 20   130%      46 to 50             190%

        21 to 25   140%      51+                  200%

        26 to 30   150%

        Equal to 100% in the first policy year and then a simple increase of 5%
        every subsequent year, subject to a cap of 200%:

        Policy Year SA Factor Policy Year SA Factor Policy Year SA Factor

        1          100%  8        135%                             15   170%

        2          105%  9        140%                             16   175%

C       3          110%  10       145%                             17   180%

        4          115%  11       150%                             18   185%

        5          120%  12       155%                             19   190%

        6          125%  13       160%                             20   195%

        7          130%  14       165%                             21+  200%

In the event of any claim for Terminal Illness or under any additional options chosen,
there will be no further change in SA Factor and the same will remain level throughout
the outstanding policy term.

Sum Assured on Death for Single Pay (SP) is the highest of:
    125% of Single Premium
    Sum Assured on Maturity
    Basic Sum Assured

Sum Assured on Death for Other than Single Pay (Limited Pay and Regular Pay) is the
highest of:

    10 times of the Annualized Premium
    Sum Assured on Maturity
    Basic Sum Assured

                         4
Where,

a) Annualized Premium is the premium amount payable in a year chosen by the
    policyholder, excluding taxes, rider premiums, underwriting extra premiums and
    loadings for modal premiums, if any.

b) Total Premiums Paid are the total of all the premiums received, excluding any extra
    premium, any rider premium and taxes. Where additional options have been select-
    ed, Total Premiums Paid includes premium paid for base option as well as the premi-
    um paid for additional options selected.

C) Sum Assured on Death is the absolute amount of benefit which is guaranteed to
    become payable on death of the life assured in accordance with the terms and con-
    ditions of the policy or an absolute amount of benefit which is available to meet the
    health cover.

d) Basic Sum Assured is the amount of sum assured chosen by the policyholder.

e) Sum Assured on Maturity is the amount which is guaranteed to become payable on
    maturity of the policy, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the policy.

Terminal Illness Benefit:

Sum Assured on Death, up to a maximum of Rs. 2 Cr. will be accelerated in case of diagno-
sis of terminal illness during the policy term as mentioned below. In case of diagnosis of
terminal illness at ages greater than 80 years, death benefit will not be accelerated.

Upon payment of Terminal Illness benefit:

a) If Death Benefit at the time of claim is equal to Terminal Illness benefit, the policy will
     terminate. Or,

b) If Death Benefit at the time of claim is greater than Terminal Illness benefit, the policy
     will continue for the balance death benefit.

Please note that acceleration of death benefit is not an additional benefit; it only facili-
tates an earlier payment of death benefit on prior diagnosis of terminal illness.
A life assured shall be regarded as terminally ill only if that life assured is diagnosed as
suffering from a condition which, in the opinion of two independent medical practitioners'
specializing in treatment of such illness, is highly likely to lead to death within 6 months.
The insured must not be receiving any form of treatment other than palliative medication
for symptomatic relief. The terminal illness must be diagnosed and confirmed by medi-
cal practitioners registered with the Indian Medical Association and approved by the
Company. The Company reserves the right for independent assessment.

Maturity Benefit:
On survival until Maturity, Sum Assured on Maturity will be payable, which will be equal to
100 % of the Total Premiums Paid, if Return of Premium option is selected, Nil otherwise.

2. Life Plus Option

Under this option, the life assured is covered for death benefit, which can be accelerated
in the case of diagnosis of terminal illness. An additional amount will be payable in case

                                                                                   5
of accidental death during policy term.
The policy could be purchased on a single life basis or Spouse Cover could be opted for
as well. For details on the Spouse Cover, please refer to `Spouse Cover option' section.
Death Benefit:
"Death Benefit" is payable as a lump sum if life assured dies during the policy term. It is
the higher of:

      Sum Assured on Death
      105% of Total Premiums Paid

Sum Assured on Death for Single Pay (SP) is the highest of:
       125% of Single Premium
       Sum Assured on Maturity
       Basic Sum Assured

Sum Assured on Death for Other than Single Pay (Limited Pay and Regular Pay) is the
highest of:

       10 times of the Annualized Premium
       Sum Assured on Maturity
       Basic Sum Assured

Accidental Death Benefit:
In addition to death benefit as defined above, an amount equal to Sum Assured on
Death will be payable in case of accidental death.
In case the event which has caused death due to an Accident occurred during the Policy
Term and death occurs after the Policy Term but within 180 days from the date of Acci-
dent, the Accidental Death Benefit shall be payable.

Terminal Illness Benefit:
Death benefit would be accelerated on diagnosis of specified terminal illnesses. In case
of diagnosis of terminal illness at ages greater than 80 years, death benefit will not be
accelerated. Please note that acceleration of death benefit is not an additional benefit;
it only facilitates an earlier payment of death benefit on prior diagnosis of terminal
illness.
A life assured shall be regarded as terminally ill only if that life assured is diagnosed as
suffering from a condition which, in the opinion of two independent medical practi-
tioners' specializing in treatment of such illness, is highly likely to lead to death within 6
months. The insured must not be receiving any form of treatment other than palliative
medication for symptomatic relief. The terminal illness must be diagnosed and con-
firmed by medical practitioners registered with the Indian Medical Association and
approved by the Company. The Company reserves the right for independent assess-

                                                                                   6
ment.

Maturity Benefit:

On survival until Maturity, Sum Assured on Maturity will be payable, which will be equal to
100% of the Total Premiums Paid, if Return of Premium option is selected, Nil otherwise.

3. Life Goal Option

Under this option, the sum assured payable on death would vary with the policy year, in
accordance with the `Level Cover Period' and `Amortisation Rate' as chosen by the policy-
holder.

The policyholder can choose:

1. Level Cover Period ­ This is initial policy year(s) during which life cover would remain
     level. The Level Cover Periods can be chosen subject to the following conditions:

       (a) In case of Limited Pay policies, the Level Cover Period should be at least equal to
             the PPT.

       (b) In case of Limited Pay as well as Single Pay policies, Policy Term less Level Cover
             Period should be at least equal to 5 years.

2. Amortization Rate ­ This is the rate at which life cover would reduce post the Level
         Cover Period. The policyholder can choose any rate between 0% and 20% p.a
         (both inclusive).

    The policy will start with a SA Factor of 100% in the first policy year and at the end of
During Level Cover Period
SA Factor(t) = 100%

Post Level Cover Period - If Amortization Rate is equal to 0%
SA Factor(t) = SA Factor(t-1) ­ (1 ÷ Reduction Term)

Post Level Cover Period - If Amortization Rate is greater than 0%
SA Factor(t) = SA Factor(t-1) × (1+ Amortization Rate) ­ Amortization Rate ÷ (1 ­ 1 ÷ (1 +
Amortization Rate) ^ Reduction Term)

Where,
      t = policy year
      Reduction Term = Policy Term - Level Cover Period

A policy will not be issued if the Death Benefit in any policy year falls below the minimum
required amount as per IRDAI (Insurance Products) Regulations, 2024, as modified from
time to time. The below table gives SA Factors for a few sample cases at the end of
every policy year:

                                                                                   7
Level Cover Period    0 years     5 years         5 years    10 years
Amortization Rate        10%         10%              0%        15%

           PPT      Single Pay  Single Pay        5 Years    10 Years
     Policy Term     20 years    20 years         20 years   20 years

Policy Year         Example 1   Example 2         Example 3  Example 4
      1               98.25%       100.00%          100.00%    100.00%
      2               96.33%       100.00%          100.00%    100.00%
      3               94.22%       100.00%          100.00%    100.00%
      4                91.90%      100.00%          100.00%    100.00%
      5               89.34%       100.00%          100.00%    100.00%
      6               86.53%       96.85%            93.33%    100.00%
      7               83.44%       93.39%            86.67%    100.00%
      8               80.03%       89.58%            80.00%    100.00%
      9               76.29%       85.39%            73.33%    100.00%
      10               72.17%       80.78%           66.67%    100.00%
      11              67.65%        75.72%           60.00%    95.07%
      12              62.66%        70.14%           53.33%     89.41%
      13               57.18%       64.01%           46.67%    82.90%
      14               51.16%       57.26%           40.00%     75.41%
      15              44.53%       49.84%            33.33%    66.79%
      16              37.23%        41.68%           26.67%    56.89%
      17               29.21%       32.70%           20.00%    45.49%
      18              20.39%        22.82%           13.33%    32.39%
      19               10.68%       11.95%            6.67%     17.33%

Death Benefit:

"Death Benefit" is payable as a lump sum if life assured dies during the policy term. It is
equal to the Sum Assured on Death, which is calculated as:

Basic Sum Assured × SA Factor applicable in the policy year of death

Maturity Benefit:
NIL

Additional benefits available under the Product:

1) Return of Premium (ROP) Option

     If this option is chosen, policyholder will have to pay an additional premium over and
     above that payable for the base plan and he/she will receive a return of 100% of the

                                8
     Total Premiums paid as lump sum, upon survival till maturity.
     This additional option can be chosen only at policy inception and will be available
     only where:
     Life Goal Option has not been selected
     All policy terms between 10 and 40 years for Single, Regular and 5 Pay.
     All policy terms between 15 and 40 years for 6, 7, 8, 10 and 12 Pay.
     Policy Term is between 20 and 40 years for Premium Paying Term ­ 15 years.
     Policy Term is between 25 and 40 years for Premium Paying Term ­ 20 years.
     Policy Term is between 30 and 40 years for Premium Paying Term ­ 25 years.
     To avail this option, additional premium shall be payable. Once chosen, the policy

         holder doesn't have the option to opt out of this benefit.
2) Waiver of Premium on CI (WOP CI) Option

     If this option is selected, all future premiums payable under the plan will be waived, if
     the life assured is diagnosed with any of the covered critical illnesses and the life
     cover, accidental death cover
     (if applicable) and terminal illness cover (if applicable) continues.
     This option can be chosen only at policy inception and will be available only where
     premium payment term is other than Single Pay.
     To avail this option, additional premium shall be payable. Once chosen, the policy

               holder doesn't have the option to opt out of this benefit.
3) Waiver of Premium on Total and Permanent Disability (WOP Disability) Option

     If this additional option is selected, all future premiums payable under the plan will be
     waived, in case of occurrence of total and permanent disability and the life cover,
     accidental death cover (if applicable) and terminal illness cover (if applicable) con
     tinues.
     This option can be chosen only at policy inception and will be available only where
     premium payment term is other than Single Pay.
     To avail this option, additional premium shall be payable. Once chosen, the policy
     holder doesn't have the option to opt out of this benefit.
4) Spouse Cover Option
     If this additional option is selected, then upon the Life assured's death:

                                                                                   9
         The spouse will get a death benefit cover equal to a chosen percentage of the life
         assured's basic sum assured for the outstanding policy duration. This chosen per
         centage shall be subject to the BAUP with a maximum cap of 50%.
         Any future premiums, if payable under the contract, shall be waived off.

     How it works!
     In the event of unfortunate death of the Life Assured, the sum assured on death will be
     paid out to nominee. The spouse cover will then start and shall be equal to a chosen
     percentage of the life assured's basic sum assured, as opted at policy inception.
     This spouse cover will be in addition to the death benefit payable on the life
     assured's death. In case of the death of spouse before the death of life as sured, the
     spouse cover will terminate and no additional benefits shall be payable.

    Other conditions applicable for this benefit
         This option can be selected only at inception
         This option is not available with Life Goal option
         Life Assured should be married and age difference between Life Assured and
         spouse should be maxi mum 10 years
         Availability of this additional option will be subject to the BAUP
         Once opted for, the policyholder doesn't have the option to opt out of this benefit

      This additional benefit/coverage will not be paid/granted under the following situa-
tions and the policy will terminate:

         In the event of the occurrence of simultaneous death of the life assured and
         spouse or death of the spouse arising directly or indirectly due to the same event
         which caused the death of the life insured.
         If the spouse has attained the age of 75 years at the time of death of the life
         assured.
         In case of death of spouse due to suicide within 12 months from the date of
         death of life assured
         In case of death of life assured due to suicide within 12 months from the date of
         commencement of risk of the policy or the date of revival of the policy, whichever
         is later

     To avail this option, additional premium shall be payable.

5) Death benefit as Instalment Option

    If this option is selected, the nominee will receive full or part of the death benefit in
    instalments.

         The conditions for choosing this option:
         This option can be chosen by the policyholder at policy inception or by the nominee
         at the time of claim.

                                                                                 10
         This option can be opted for full or part of death claim proceeds payable under
         the policy. The instalment can be taken over a chosen period of 5 to 15 years

   The instalment shall be paid in advance based on the frequency chosen by the nomnee
    or the policy holder, which can be either yearly, half-yearly, quarterly or monthly. The
    instalment amount shall be calculated such that the present value of the instal
    ments, using a given interest rate, shall equal the amount of death benefit chosen to
   be taken as instalments under the policy. This amount shall be a level amount and once
    chosen by the nominee shall remain fixed over the instalment period.

    The interest rate used to compute the instalment amount shall be equal to the annualized
    yield on 10 year G-Sec (over last 6 months & rounded down to nearest 25bps) less 25
    basis points. The interest rate shall be reviewed half-yearly and any change in the
    interest rate shall be effective from 25th February and 25th August each year. The interest
     rate shall be revised every time there is a change, as per the above formula. In case of a
    revision in interest rate, the same shall apply until next revision. The source of 10-year
     benchmark G-sec yield shall be RBI Negotiated Dealing System-Order Matching

         segment (NDS-OM).

     At any time during the instalment payment phase, the nominee can choose to terminate
    the instalment payment in exchange for a lump-sum, in which case, the lump-sum
     payable shall be equal to the discounted value of all the future instalments due. The
     interest rate used to calculate the discounted value will be that as applicable on date
    of termination, using the above mentioned formula.

    No additional premium is payable for this option.

6) Option to alter premium frequency

    The policyholder has the option to alter the premium frequency during the premium
    payment term.

7) Option to change Premium Payment Term from Regular Pay to Limited Pay

     Under this option, the policyholder can choose to convert the outstanding regular
     premiums into any limited premiums period available under the product.

    Such alterations shall be in accordance with the BAUP and the premium rates under
     such circumstances shall be charged as filed under the product.

8) Renewability Option at Maturity

     At maturity, the policyholder can choose to extend the term of their policy. This option
     can be exercised a maximum of five times and its availability is subject to BAUP. The
     additional premium payable for the extended term will be based on the following:

         Attained age at the time of maturity
         The chosen increase in policy term
         The "incremental" table instead of the applicable table during the original policy term.

                                                                                 11
     This option will be available only where:
         Premium payment term is Regular Pay
         Additional Options of Return of Premium (ROP) or Waiver of Premium on CI (WOP
         CI) or Waiver of Premium on Total and Permanent Disability (WOP Disability) or
                   Spouse Cover have not been selected
         Life Option (Variant A) or Life Plus Option has been selected

9) Life Stage Option

     This option will have to be selected at inception. The policyholder may opt to increase
     the Sum Assured without underwriting on any of the below specified events in the life
     of the life assured:

         1st Marriage: 50% of Basic Sum Assured subject to a maximum of `50 lakhs
         Birth of 1st child: 25% of Basic Sum Assured subject to a maximum of `25 lakhs
         Birth of 2nd child: 25% of Basic Sum Assured subject to a maximum of `25 lakhs

         This option will be available only where:

         Life Option or Life Plus Option has been opted and is subject to BAUP.
         The Life Assured is less than 45 years of age at the time of the above mentioned
         events.
         The Life Assured is underwritten as a standard life at policy inception.
         This option can only be exercised within a period of six months from the date of
         the above specified events.
         An additional premium will be charged for the increase in the Sum Assured.
         The premium rate applicable, for the additional Sum Assured shall be as per the
         premium table "Incremental". This premium rate shall be based on the age
         attained and outstanding policy term at the time of the exercise of option. The
         availability of this option shall be subject to applicable boundary
         conditions under the product.
         The premium rates applicable shall be those applicable as at policy inception.
         This option shall be available only if no claim has been made under the policy.
         If any rider is attached to the policy and the rider benefit has been paid during the
         policy term, then this option cannot be exercised.

10) Parent Secure Option

This option will have to be selected at inception. Under this option, the policyholder may
opt for death benefit to be payable as instalments to the nominee. The instalment shall
be payable as regular payouts till at least one nominee is alive. There can be a maxi-
mum of two nominees under this option.

The death benefit as instalments will be payable, for the nominee (s) will be pre-de-
fined by the company as a fixed percentage of the Death Benefit, as specified below:

                                                                                 12
Entry Age of Nominee*  1 Nominee  2 Nominee  1 NominMeeonth2lyNominee
      50 to 64 years
                          7.00%      6.00%   0.56%  0.48%
    65 years & above      8.00%       7.00%  0.64%  0.56%

*Younger nominee in case there are two nominees
This option can be chosen only at Policy inception. Once chosen, the Policyholder
cannot opt out of this option.
This option is available only where:
· Life Option has been selected.
· The nominee can be either your parent(s)/grandparent(s).
· Age of each nominee (s) is 50 years or above. In case, two nominees are opted for, the

   age of younger nominee will be considered.
· Policy term is between 15 to 40 years.
· Death benefit as Installment option has not been selected.
· Spouse Cover Option and Life Stage Option have not been selected.

In case of death of nominee (s) before Life Assured & death of Life Assured occurs during
policy term, then death benefit as lump sum will be payable to legal heir of Life Assured.

The payout will cease on the death of nominee (s). In case of any change in nominee,
this option shall immediately terminate.

The instalment will be paid in advance at the monthly or yearly frequency as specified
by the Policyholder. The instalment amount will be calculated basis the age of the
nominee (s), Basic Sum Assured and number of nominees chosen.

At any time during the instalment payment phase, the nominee cannot terminate the
instalment payment in exchange for a lump-sum.
No additional Premium is payable for this option.

  NON PAYMENT OF PREMIUMS

Grace Period is the time provided after the premium due date during which the policy is
considered to be in-force with the risk cover. This plan has a grace period of 30 days for
yearly, half yearly and quarterly frequencies from the premium due date. The grace
period for monthly frequency is 15 days from the premium due date.

Should a valid claim arise under the policy during the grace period, but before the pay-
ment of due premium, we shall still honor the claim. In such cases, the due and unpaid
premium for the policy year will be deducted from any benefit payable.

                                  13
Paid-Up

A policy will acquire a paid-up value only:
     Where Return of Premium is selected with Limited Pay/Regular Pay, and
      When premiums are paid for at least 1 full year and after completion of first policy year

In all other cases, the policy lapses on premium discontinuance without any paid-up value.
If a policy has acquired paid-up value and stops paying premiums:

(i) Death benefit shall be the highest of:
     Sum Assured on Death × SA Factor^ × (Total Premiums Paid ÷ Total Premiums Payable)
     105% of Total Premiums Paid

^ Where SA Factor is:
     -The SA Factor applicable in the policy year of death where Life Option has been chosen
     -Equal to 1 in all other cases

(ii) Accidental Death benefit (where applicable) shall be calculated as
     Sum Assured on Death × (Total Premiums Paid ÷ Total Premiums Payable)

(iii) Maturity Benefit (where applicable) shall be calculated as:
     Sum Assured on Maturity × (Total Premiums Paid ÷ Total Premiums Payable)

(iv) Surrender benefit shall be calculated as shown below.

  SURRENDER / UNEXPIRED RISK PREMIUM VALUE

Where Return of Premium Option has been selected
Guaranteed Surrender Value (GSV) gets acquired immediately upon payment of pre-
mium in case of Single Pay and upon payment of premiums for at least 2 years in case
of Limited Pay/Regular Pay.
The Company may pay a surrender value higher than the GSV in the form of a Special
Surrender Value (SSV).
SSV shall become payable after completion of first policy year provided one full year
premium has been received for Limited/Regular Pay and immediately on the receipt of
single premium for Single Pay

Surrender Value will be the higher of Guaranteed Surrender Value (GSV) and Special
Surrender Value (SSV).

Where,
GSV = GSV Factor% × Total Premiums Paid

SSV shall be calculated as the expected present value of:
      i) Paid-up guaranteed future benefits on death, survival/maturity and
     ii) accrued / vested benefits, duly allowing for survival benefits already paid, if any

The discount rate used to calculate the expected present value shall be equal to the
yield on 10 Year G-Sec plus 50 basis points.

                                                                             14
Currently, the interest rate used for calculating the expected present value is 7.75% p.a.

The discount rates shall be reviewed at least once annually and in case of any signifi-
cant movement in the yields. The revised discount rates shall apply to all policies
including the policies already sold.

Where Return of Premium Option has not been selected

Policy cancellation value (i.e. Unexpired Risk Premium value) gets acquired immediately
upon payment of premium in case of Single Pay and upon payment of premiums for at
least 1 full year and after completion of first policy year in case of Limited Pay. In all other
cases, the policy lapses on premium discontinuance without any value.

Policy cancellation value (if acquired) shall be payable:
         Upon death of the life assured during revival period, or
         At the end of the revival period if the policy is not revived

The amount payable will be as below:
PCV Factor × Total Premiums Paid1× Unexpired Policy Term2 ÷ Original Policy Term
Where, PCV Factor is as follows:

Policy Year                                           PCV Factor
During PPT or if all due premiums have not been paid       30%
Post PPT if all due premiums have been paid                50%

  1 If the policyholder has exercised the option to change premium payment term, Total
  Premiums Paid will include premiums paid only from the date of converting to Limited
  Pay and Original Policy Term will be the outstanding policy term on the date of convert-
  ing to Limited Pay.

  2 Unexpired Policy Term shall be calculated on the earlier of date of surrender and the
  date till which premiums have been paid.

  SMART EXIT BENEFIT

The policyholder has an option to receive Smart Exit Benefit, equal to Total Premiums
Paid** under the policy. No additional premium is payable to avail this option.
This option can be exercised by cancelling the policy subject to the following conditions:

    This option can be exercised in any policy year greater than 30, but not during the
    last 5 policy years.
    The policy has to be in-force at the time of exercising this option.
    This option shall not be available where:
    - Life Goal option has been selected
    - Where Return of Premium option has been selected
** If the policyholder has exercised the option to change premium payment term, Total Premiums
Paid will include premiums paid only from the date of converting to Limited Pay.

15
  REVIVAL

Yes, If the Policy has been discontinued due to the non-payment of Premium, it may be
revived/ restored by the Insurer with all the benefits mentioned in the Policy document,
with or without rider benefits, if any, upon the receipt of all the Premiums due and other
charges/late fee, if any, during the revival period, as per the terms and conditions of the
Policy, upon being satisfied as to the continued insurability of the insured/Policyholder
on the basis of the information, documents and reports furnished by the Policyholder;
in accordance with Board approved Underwriting Policy. The current rate of interest is
9.5% p.a.

The application for the revival should be made within five years from the due date of
the first unpaid Premium and before the expiry of the Policy Term. Once the Policy is
revived, you are entitled to receive benefits as per the Policy.

The revival interest shall be reviewed half-yearly and it will be reset to: Average Annu-
alized 10-year benchmark G-Sec Yield (over last 6 months & rounded up to the nearest
50 bps) + 2%. The change in revival rate shall be effective from 25th February and 25th
August each year. Any change on basis of determination of interest rate for revival will
be done only after prior approval of the Authority.

Once the policy is revived, you are entitled to receive all contractual benefits.

  RIDERS

We offer the following Rider options (as modified from time to time) to help you enhance
your protection:

Rider                       UIN                              Scope of Benefits**
                        101B041V01
HDFC Life Income                    It is a Non-Linked, Non- Participating/Participat-
Benefit on Accidental               ing, Pure risk premium, Individual Life rider. A ben-
Disability Rider ­ Non              efit equal to 1% of Rider Sum Assured per month
Linked                              for the next 10 years, in case of an Accidental Total
                                    Permanent Disability. There is no maturity benefit
                                    available under this rider.

HDFC Life Protect                         It is a Non-Linked, Non- Participating/Participat-
Plus Rider ­ Non                          ing, Pure risk premium, Individual Life/Health rider.
Linked                                    A benefit as a proportion of the Rider Sum
                        101B040V01 Assured shall be payable in case on accidental
                                          death or partial/total disability due to accident or
                                          if you are diagnosed with cancer as per the
                                          option chosen under this rider. No maturity bene-
                                          fit is payable under this rider.

**For all details on Riders, kindly refer to the Rider Brochures available on our website.

                                    16
Rider                  UIN                   Scope of Benefits**

HDFC Life Health Plus  101B031V02  It is a Non-Linked, Non- Participating/Participat-
Rider ­ Non Linked                 ing, Pure risk premium, Individual Health rider. A
                                   lump sum benefit equivalent to Rider Sum
                                   Assured shall be payable on diagnosis of any of
                                   the covered 60 Critical Illnesses or bene¬fit as a
                                   proportionate of the Rider Sum Assured shall be
                                   payable on diagnosis of Early Stage Cancer /
                                   Major Cancer depending on the option chosen.
                                   No maturity benefit is payable under this rider.

HDFC Life LiveWell     101B033V01  It is a Non-Linked, Non-Participating/Participating
Rider- Non- Linked                 Individual Pure Risk Premium/Savings, Life/Health
                                   Insurance Rider.
                                   Get Lump Sum benefit equivalent to Rider Sum
                                   Assured on death/terminal illness/accidental
                                   death/Hospitalisation or benefit as a proportion-
                                   ate of the Rider Sum Assured on disability due to
                                   Accident/undergoing any listed surgery or get
                                   waiver of future Premium(s) of the base policy on
                                   death/Terminal Illness of the life assured, depend-
                                   ing on the plan option chosen.

**For all details on Riders, kindly refer to the Rider Brochures available on our website.

Riders will be offered along with the options mentioned in the following table:

Name of the Rider                            Life  Life Plus      Life Goal

HDFC Life Income Benefit on Accidental             Yes

       Disability Rider ­ Non Linked

                    Option A:

HDFC Life Protect   Personal Accident Cover  Yes   No                            Yes
Plus Rider ­
                    Option B:
Non Linked          Accidental Death Cover

                    Option C:                      Yes
                    Cancer Cover

HDFC Life Health    Option A:
Plus Rider -
                    Comprehensive CI Cover         Yes
                    Option B:
Non Linked
                    Cancer Cover

                                        17
In case of Life Goal option, riders shall be offered during Level Cover Period only. For all
other options, the rider PT and PPT shall be consistent with the base policy's PT and PPT.
Riders will not be offered if the policy term/premium payment term of the rider
exceeds outstanding policy term/ premium payment term under the base policy.

While attaching riders to the base option(s) under the product, it will be ensured that
there is no overlap in benefits offered under different riders & base product. In case of
an overlap, the rider(s) shall not be attached.

  TERMS & CONDITIONS

We recommend that you read and understand this product brochure & customized
benefit illustration and understand what the plan is, how it works and the risks involved
before you purchase.

A) Risk Factors:

    (1) HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited is the name of our Insurance Company and
         "HDFC Life Click 2 Protect Super" is the name of this plan. The name of our company
         and the name of our plan do not, in any way, indicate the quality of the plan, its
         future prospects or returns.

    (2) Please know the associated risks and the applicable charges, from your Insurance
         agent or the Inter mediary or policy document issued by insurance company.

B) Exclusion
    In case of death due to suicide within 12 months from the date of commencement of
    risk under the policy or from the date of revival of the policy, as applicable, the nomi
    nee or beneficiary of the policyholder shall be entitled to at least 80% of the total pre
    miums paid till the date of death or the surrender value available as on the date of
    death whichever is higher, provided the policy is in force.

   a. Suicide Exclusion

         In case of death due to suicide within 12 months from the date of commence
         ment of risk under the policy or from the date of revival of the policy, as applica
         ble, the nominee or beneficiary of the policyholder shall be entitled to at least 80%
         of the total premiums paid till the date of death or the surrender value available
         as on the date of death whichever is higher, provided the policy is in force.

   b. Age Admitted
         The Company has calculated the Premiums under the Policy on the basis of the
         age of the Life Assured as declared in the Proposal. In case You have not provided
         proof of age of the Life Assured with the Proposal, you will be required to furnish

                                                                                 18
      such proof of age of the Life Assured as is acceptable to us and have the age
      admitted. In the event the age so admitted ("Correct Age") during the Policy Term
      is found to be different from the age declared in the Proposal, without prejudice
      to our rights and remedies including those under the Insurance Act, 1938, as
      amended from time to time we shall take one of the following actions (i) if the
      Correct Age makes the Life Assured ineligible for his Policy, we will offer him suit
      able plan as per our underwriting norms. If you do not wish to opt for the alterna
      tive plan or if it is not possible for us to grant any other plan, the Policy will stand
      cancelled from the date of issuance and the Premiums paid under the Policy will
      be returned subject to the deduction of expenses incurred by the Company and
      the Policy will terminate thereafter; or (ii) if the Correct Age makes the Life ssured
      eligible for the Policy, the difference between the revised Premium, as per the
      Correct Age and the original Premium, with interest, will be due on the next
      Policy Anniversary date and the revised Premium will continue for the rest of the
      Premium Payment Term. The provisions of Section 45 of the Insurance Act, 1938
      as amended from time to time shall be applicable.

c. Exclusions for Accidental Death benefit
      Additional Accidental Death benefit will not be payable, if death is caused directly
      or in-directly from any of the following:

· Any condition, ailment or Injury or related condition(s) for which the Life Assured
      had signs or symptoms, and / or were diagnosed, and / or received medical
      advice / treatment within 36 months to prior to this policy issued by the insurer or
      at the time of reinstatement of the policy.

· The Life Assured taking part in any hazardous sport or pastimes (including hunting,
      mountaineering, racing, steeple chasing, bungee jumping, etc., any underwater or
      subterranean operation or activity and racing of any kind other than on foot.

· The Life Assured flying in any kind of aircraft, other than as a bonafide passenger
      (whether fare paying or not) on an aircraft of a licensed airline.

· Self-inflicted Injury, suicide or attempted suicide-whether sane or insane
· Under the influence or abuse of drugs, alcohol, narcotics or psychotropic sub

      stance not prescribed by a registered medical practitioner.
· Death occurs as a result of the insured person taking part in any naval, military or

      air force operation during peace time
· War, civil commotion, invasion, terrorism, hostilities (whether war be declared or not).
· The Life Assured taking part in any strike, industrial dispute and riot.
· The Life Assured taking part in any criminal or illegal activity with criminal intent or

      committing any breach of law including involvement in any fight or affray.
· Exposure to Nuclear reaction, Biological, radiation or nuclear or chemical

      contamination.
· Physical handicap or mental infirmity.
· Any other exclusion that forms a part of policy document will also applicable.

d. Exclusions for WOP Disability Options

                                                                             19
      We shall not be liable to make any payment under this Policy towards the TPD
      benefit, directly or indirectly caused by, based on, arising out of or howsoever
      attributable to any of the following:
· Pre-existing Disease means any condition, aliment, Injury or disease / Critical
      Illness / disability:
      o That is/are diagnosed by a physician within 36 months prior to the Risk com
      mencement date of the Policy issued by the insurer or its reinstatement; or
      o For which medical advice or treatment was recommended by, or received

            from, a Physician 36 months Prior to the Risk commencement date of the Policy
           issued by the insurer or its reinstatement.
      Coverage under the Policy after the expiry of 48 36 months for any pre-existing
      disease is subject to the same being declared at the time of application and
      accepted by Insurer.
· Any disability caused due to treatment for, Alcoholism, drug or substance abuse
      or any addictive condition and consequences thereof.
· Narcotics used by the Insured Person unless taken as prescribed by a registered
      Medical Practitioner.
· Any disability caused due to intentional self-Injury, suicide or attempted suicide,
      whether the person is medically sane or insane.
· Any disability, caused by or arising from or attributable to a foreign invasion, act
      of foreign enemies, hostilities, warlike operations (whether war be declared or not
      or while performing duties in the armed forces of any country during war or at
      peace time), civil war, public defense, rebellion, revolution, insurrection, military or
      usurped power.
· Service in any military, air-force, naval, paramilitary or similar organization.
· Any disability caused by ionizing radiation or contamination by radioactivity from
      any nuclear fuel (explosive or hazardous form) or from any nuclear waste from
      the combustion of nuclear fuel, nuclear, chemical or biological attack.
· Working in underground mines, tunneling or involving electrical installations with
      high tension supply, or as race jockeys or circus personnel.
· Congenital External Anomalies, inherited disorders or any complications or condi
      tions arising therefrom including any developmental conditions of the Insured.
· Any disability caused by any treatment necessitated due to participation as a
      professional in hazardous or adventure sport, including but not limited to, para
      jumping rock climbing, mountaineering, rafting, motor racing, horse racing or
      scuba diving, hand gliding, sky diving, deep sea diving and selfie Accidents.
· Participation by the Insured Person in any flying activity, except as a bona fide,
      fare- paying passenger of a recognized airline on regular routes and on a
      scheduled timetable.
· Any disability, caused by Medical treatment traceable to childbirth (including
      complicated deliveries and caesarean sections incurred during hospitalization)
      except ectopic pregnancy. Any disability due to miscarriages (unless due to an
      Accident) and lawful medical termination of pregnancy during the Policy period.

                                                                              20
· Any disability, caused by any unproven / experimental treatment, service and
      supplies for or in connection with any treatment. Unproven / experimental treat
      ments are treatments, procedures or supplies that lack significant medical docu
      mentation to support their effectiveness.

· Any disability based on certification/diagnosis/treatment from persons not regis
      tered as Medical Practitioners, or from a Medical Practitioner who is practicing
      outside the discipline that he/ she is licensed for.

· Any disability, caused due to any treatment, including surgical management, to
      change characteristics of the body to those of opposite sex.

· Any disability caused due to cosmetic or plastic surgery or any treatment to
      change the appearance unless for reconstruction following an Accident, Burn(s),
      or Cancer or as part of medically necessary treatment to remove a direct and
      immediate health risk to the insured. For this to be considered a medical necessity,
      it must be certified by the attending Medical Practitioner.

· Any disability, caused due to surgical treatment of obesity that does not fulfil all
      the below conditions:
      a. Surgery to be conducted is upon the advice of the Doctor
      b. The Surgery/Procedure conducted should be supported by clinical protocols
      c. The member has to be 18 years of age or older and
      d. Body Mass Index (BMI):
                greater than or equal to 40 or
                greater than or equal to 35 in conjunction with any of the following severe
                co- morbidities following failure of less invasive methods of weight loss:
      i. Obesity related cardiomyopathy
      ii. Coronary heart disease
      iii. Severe Sleep Apnea
      iv. Uncontrolled Type 2 Diabetes despite optimal therapy

· Any disability caused due to treatments received in health hydros, nature cure
      clinics, spas or similar establishments or private beds registered as a nursing
      home attached to such establishments or where admission is arranged wholly or
      partly for domestic reason.

· Any disability, caused by treatment directly arising from or consequent upon any
      Insured Person committing or attempting to commit a breach of law with criminal
      intent.

· In the event of the death of the Insured Person within the stipulated survival
      period.

· Any disability, caused by sterility and infertility. This includes:
· Any type of contraception, sterilization
· Assisted Reproductive services including artificial insemination and advanced

      reproductive technologies such as IVF, ZIFT, GIFT, ICSI
· Gestational Surrogacy
· Reversal of sterilization

                                                                         21
C) Tax Benefits

    Tax benefits under this plan may be available. Premiums paid by an individual or HUF
     under this plan and the benefits received from this policy may be eligible for tax
     benefits as per the applicable sections of the Income Tax Act, 1961, as amended
     from time to time.

    You are requested to consult your tax advisor for advice on Tax Benefits.

D) Cancellation in the Free-Look period:

    In case as the policyholder you disagree to any policy terms and conditions under this
    product, you have the option of returning the policy to us stating the reasons there of,
    within 30 days from the date of receipt of the policy, whether received electronically or
    otherwise as per IRDAI (Protection of Policyholders' Interests, Operations and Allied
   Matters of Insurers) Regulations, 2024, as modified from time to time. On receipt of the
    letter along with the original policy document (original Policy Document is not required
    for policies in dematerialised or where policy is issued only in electronic form), we shall
    refund the premium, subject to deduction of the proportionate risk premium for the
    period on cover, expenses incurred on medical examination of the proposer and
    stamp duty charges.

E) An underwriting extra premium may be charged in case of Sub-standard lives and
    Smokers as per our prevalent Underwriting policy.

F) Policy Loan:

    You cannot avail any loans under this Policy.

G) Nomination as per Section 39 of the Insurance Act 1938 as amended from time to
time:

    (1) The policyholder of a life insurance on his own life may nominate a person or
          persons to whom money secured by the policy shall be paid in the event of his
          death.

    (2) Where the nominee is a minor, the policyholder may appoint any person to receive
          the money secured by the policy in the event of policyholder's death during the
          minority of the nominee. The manner of appointment to be laid down by the
          insurer.

    (3) Nomination can be made at any time before the maturity of the policy.

    (4) Nomination may be incorporated in the text of the policy itself or may be
          endorsed on the policy communicated to the insurer and can be registered
          by the insurer in the records relating to the policy.

    (5) Nomination can be cancelled or changed at any time before policy matures, by

                                                                               22
         an endorsement or a further endorsement or a will as the case may be.

  (6) A notice in writing of Change or Cancellation of nomination must be delivered to
          the insurer for the insurer to be liable to such nominee. Otherwise, insurer will not
          be liable if a bonafide payment is made to the person named in the text of the
          policy or in the registered records of the insurer.

  (7) Fee to be paid to the insurer for registering change or cancellation of a nomination
         can be specified by the Authority through Regulations.

  (8) A transfer or assignment made in accordance with Section 38 shall automatically
         cancel the nomination except in case of assignment to the insurer or other transferee
         or assignee for purpose of loan or against security or its reassignment after repay
         ment. In such case, the nomination will not get cancelled to the extent of insurer's
         or transferee's or assignee's interest in the policy. The nomination will get
         revived on repayment of the loan.

  (9) The provisions of Section 39 are not applicable to any life insurance policy to
         which Section 6 of Married Women's Property Act, 1874 applies or has at any time
         applied except where before or after Insurance Laws (Amendment) Act 2015, a
         nomination is made in favour of spouse or children or spouse and children
         whether or not on the face of the policy it is mentioned that it is made under Section
         39. Where nomination is intended to be made to spouse or children or spouse and
         children under Section 6 of MWP Act, it should be specifically mentioned on the
         policy. In such a case only, the provisions of Section 39 will not apply.

H) Assignment as per Section 38 of the Insurance Act 1938 as amended from time to
time:

  (1) This policy may be transferred/assigned, wholly or in part, with or without consideration.

  (2) An Assignment may be effected in a policy by an endorsement upon the policy
         itself or by a separate instrument under notice to the Insurer.

 (3) The instrument of assignment should indicate the fact of transfer or assignment
         and the reasons for the assignment or transfer, antecedents of the assignee and
         terms on which assignment is made.

 (4) The assignment must be signed by the transferor or assignor or duly authorized
         agent and attested by at least one witness.

  (5) The transfer or assignment shall not be operative as against an Insurer until a
         notice in writing of the transfer or assignment and either the said endorsement or
         instrument itself or copy there of certified to be correct by both transferor and
         transferee or their duly authorized agents have been delivered to the Insurer.

  (6) Fee to be paid for assignment or transfer can be specified by the Authority
         through Regulations.

                                                                               23
  (7) On receipt of notice with fee, the Insurer should Grant a written acknowledgement
         of receipt of notice. Such notice shall be conclusive evidence against the insurer
         of duly receiving the notice.

 (8) The Insurer may accept or decline to act upon any transfer or assignment or
         endorsement, if it has sufficient reasons to believe that it is (a) not bonafide or (b)
         not in the interest of the policyholder or (c)not in public interest or (d) is for the pur
         pose of trading of the insurance policy.

  (9) In case of refusal to act upon the endorsement by the Insurer, any person
         aggrieved by the refusal may prefer a claim to IRDAI within 30 days of receipt of
         the refusal letter from the Insurer.

Section G (Nomination) and H (Assignment or Transfer) are simplified versions prepared
for general information only and hence are not comprehensive. For full texts of these
sections please refer to Section 38 and Section 39 of the Insurance Act, 1938 as amended
by The Insurance Laws (Amendment) Act, 2015.

I) Prohibition of Rebates: In accordance with Section 41 of the Insurance Act, 1938 as
amended from time to time:

  (1) No person shall allow or offer to allow, either directly or indirectly, as an induce
         ment to any person to take out or renew or continue an insurance in respect of
         any kind of risk relating to lives or property in India, any rebate of the whole or part
         of the commission payable or any rebate of the premium shown on the policy, nor
         shall any person taking out or renewing or continuing a policy accept any rebate,
         except such rebate as may be allowed in accordance with the published pro
         spectuses or tables of the insurer.

  (2) Any person making default in complying with the provisions of this section
         shall be liable for a penalty which may extend to ten lakh rupees.

J) Non-Disclosure: In accordance with Section 45 of the Insurance Act, 1938 as
amended from time to time:

  (1) No policy of life insurance shall be called in question on any ground whatsoever
         after the expiry of three years from the date of the policy, i.e., from the date of
         issuance of the policy or the date of commencement of risk or the date of revival
         of the policy or the date of the rider to the policy, whichever is later.

  (2) A policy of life insurance may be called in question at any time within three years
         from the date of issuance of the policy or the date of commencement of risk or
         the date of revival of the policy or the date of the rider to the policy, whichever is
         later, on the ground of fraud: Provided that the insurer shall have to communicate
         in writing to the insured or the legal representatives or nominees or assignees of
         the insured the grounds and materials on which such decision is based.

  (3) Notwithstanding anything contained in sub-section (2), no insurer shall repudiate
         a life insurance policy on the ground of fraud if the insured can prove that the
         mis-statement of or suppression of a material fact was true to the best of his
         knowledge and belief or that there was no deliberate intention to suppress the

                                                                               24
         fact or that such mis-statement of or suppression of a material fact are within the
         knowledge of the insurer: Provided that in case of fraud, the onus of disproving lies
         upon the beneficiaries, in case the policyholder is not alive.

  (4) A policy of life insurance may be called in question at any time within three
         years from the date of issuance of the policy or the date of commencement of
         risk or the date of revival of the policy or the date of the rider to the policy, which
         ever is later, on the ground that any statement of or suppression of a fact
         material to the expectancy of the life of the insured was incorrectly made in the
         proposal or other document on the basis of which the policy was issued or revived
         or rider issued: Provided that the insurer shall have to communicate in writing to
         the insured or the legal representatives or nominees or assignees of the insured
         the grounds and materials on which such decision to repudiate the policy of life
         insurance is based: Provided further that in case of repudiation of the policy on
         the ground of misstatement or suppression of a material fact, and not on the
         ground of fraud, the premiums collected on the policy till the date of repudiation
         shall be paid to the insured or the legal representatives or nominees or
         assignees of the insured within a period of ninety days from the date of such
         repudiation.

  (5) Nothing in this section shall prevent the insurer from calling for proof of age at any
          time if he is entitled to do so, and no policy shall be deemed to be called in ques-
         tion merely because the terms of the policy are adjusted on subsequent proof
         that the age of the Life Insured was incorrectly stated in the proposal.

K) In case of fraud or misstatement including non-disclosure of any material facts, the
    Policy shall be cancelled immediately and the Surrender Value shall be payable,
    subect to the fraud or misstatement being established in accordance with Section 45
    of the Insurance Act, 1938, as amended from time to time.

L) This is not a comprehensive list of amendments of Insurance Laws (Amendment) Ordi
   nance, 2014 and only a simplified version prepared for general information. Policy
   Holders are advised to refer to Original
   Ordinance Gazette Notification dated December 26 , 2014 for complete and accurate
   details.

M)Taxes:

   Indirect Taxes
   Taxes and levies as applicable shall be levied as applicable. Any taxes, statutory levy
   becoming applicable in future may become payable by you by any method including
   by levy of an additional monetary amount in addition to premium and or charges.

   Direct Taxes
   Tax will be deducted at the applicable rate from the payments made under the policy,

                                                                               25
      as per the provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961, as amended from time to time.
N) A policyholder can now have his life insurance policies in dematerialized form

     through a password protected online account called an electronic Insurance
    Account (eIA). This eIA can hold insurance policies issued from any insurer in dema-
    terialized form, thereby facilitating the policy holder to access his policies on a
    common online plat form. Facilities such as online premium payment, changes in
    address are available through the eIA. Furthermore, you would not be required to pro-
    vide any KYC documents for any future policy purchase with any insurer. For more
    information on eIA visit http://www.hdfclife.com/customer-service/life-insurance-poli-
    cy-dematerialization.
O) Grievance Redressal Mechanism:
     You can contact us at any of the below touchpoints in case of any concern:
      Helpline number: 022-68446530 (Call Charges apply) | NRI Helpline number +91 89166
94100 (Call Charges apply)
     E-mail Address: service@hdfclife.com | nriservice@hdfclife.com (For NRI customers only)
     You can let us know of your concerns/grievances through any of below options:
    · Option 1: Written letter duly signed by the policyholder at any HDFC Life Branch. There

         is a Grievance Redressal Officer at the respective branch to address the customer's
         complaint.
         To know more about branch address and timing's you can visit this
         link: https://www.hdfclife.com/contact-us#BranchLocator . Please note, branches
         are closed on Sundays, national holidays and region-specific public holidays.
    · Option 2: Write to us from your registered email ID at service@hdfclife.com.
    · Option 3: Visit us at our website https://www.hdfclife.com/customer-service/griev
         ance-redressal
You may refer to the escalation matrix in case there is no response to a grievance within the
prescribed timelines
If you are not satisfied with our response, you may approach the Insurance Ombudsman
located in your region.
For more information on our Grievance Redressal Mechanism and the detailed address of
the Insurance Ombudsman, please refer Part G of the policy document given to you.

                                                                                26
              Contact us today
                 To buy: 1800-266-9777 (Toll free)
                 (Available all days 10am to 7pm)
                  Visit us at www.hdfclife.com

HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited ("HDFC Life"). CIN: L65110MH2000PLC128245. IRDAI
RegistrationNo.101.
Registered Office: HDFC Life Insurance Company Ltd., Lodha Excelus, 13th Floor, Apollo Mills
Compound, N.M. Joshi Marg, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai 400 011
Email: service@hdfclife.com, Tel. No: 022-68446530. Available Mon-Sat 10 am to 7pm (Local
charges apply). Website: www.hdfclife.com.
The name/letters "HDFC" in the name/logo of HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited (HDFC Life)
belongs to HDFC Bank Limited and is used by HDFC Life under a licence from HDFC Bank Limited.
HDFC Life Click 2 Protect Super (UIN: 101N145V08) is a Non-Linked, Non-Participating, Individual,
Pure Risk Premium/ Savings Life Insurance Plan. Life Insurance Coverage is available in this prod-
uct. This version of the Product brochure invalidates all previous printed versions for this particular
plan.HDFC Life Income Benefit on Accidental Disability Rider ­ Non Linked (UIN: 101B041V01) is a
Non-Linked, Non- Participating/Participating, Pure risk premium, Individual Life rider. HDFC Life
Protect Plus Rider ­ Non Linked (UIN: 101B040V01) is a Non-Linked, Non- Participating/Participat-
ing, Pure risk premium, Individual Life/Health rider. HDFC Life Health Plus Rider ­ Non Linked
(UIN: 101B031V02) is a Non-Linked, Non- Participating/Participating, Pure risk premium, Individu-
al Health rider. HDFC Life LiveWell Rider ­ Non-Linked (UIN: 101B033V01) is a Non-Linked,
Non-Participating/Participating, Individual, Pure Risk Premium/Savings, Life/Health Insurance
Rider. This Product brochure is indicative of the terms, warranties, conditions and exclusions con-
tained in the insurance policy. Please know the associated risk and applicable charges from your
insurance agent or the intermediary or policy document of the insurer.
ARN: PP/05/25/23336.

             BEWARE OF SPURIOUS PHONE CALLS AND FICTITIOUS/FRAUDULENT OFFERS
       · IRDAI or its officials do not involve in any activities of insurance business like selling insurance policies,

                                announcing bonus or investment of premiums, refund of amounts.
            Policyholders or the prospects receiving such phone calls are requested to lodge a police complaint.
