Bajaj Life

eTouch II

A Non-Linked , Non-Participating,Individual Life Insurance Term Plan
Bajaj Life

eTouch II

A Non-Linked , Non-Participating,Individual Life Insurance Term Plan

   About Bajaj Life Insurance Limited

    (Formerly known as Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance Company Limited)

Bajaj Life Insurance Limited one of India's leading private life insurers, is a subsidiary of Bajaj Finserv Limited. Built
on the strong foundation of the Bajaj Group's legacy, it offers innovative life insurance solutions with a focus on
enabling Life Goals for millions across the country.

   Bajaj Life eTouch II

Life is full of "IF's". Presenting a protection plan built to safeguard you and your loved ones from various un-
certainties in life. Don't let worry come knocking on your doors. Be prepared with Bajaj Life eTouch II, a life
insurance plan for you and your loved ones to help realize your dreams without any compromises in case of an
unforeseen event.

Wait no longer....gift your family the perfect shield against the "IF's of LIFE" in just a few clicks.

   Key Advantages

· Shield for your life to cover Death & Terminal Illness
· Flexibility to pay premiums throughout the policy term, or for a limited number of years, or till your retirement

     (Age 60)
· Get back your Total Premiums Paid as Maturity benefit1
· Extra payout in case of death due to accident2
· Choose how your family receives the benefit in your absence, as a lump sum or as monthly income for 5

     /10/ 20/ 30 / 40 years or a combination of both
· Option to defer premiums by up to 12 months with Auto Cover Continuance Benefit
· Exit early (after your need for cover is over) and get back your paid premiums as Early Exit Value3
· Premium Holiday option which helps you skip your premiums for 1, 2 or 3 years during the premium pay-

     ment term
· Enhance your protection through our comprehensive riders
· Tax benefits as per prevailing tax laws

1Maturity Benefit is available with Life Shield ROP variant
2Accidental Death Benefit is available with Life Shield Plus variant
3Early Exit Value is available with Life Shield & Life Shield Plus variants

   How does the Plan work?

Step 1: Choose your variant

Variant      Death Benefit   Terminal                                 Benefits  WOP on ATPD/  Return Of
                              Illness                                    ADB             TI   Premiums
Life Shield                                                                              
Life Shield                                                                                         
Plus                                                                                     
Life Shield                                                                                         
ROP                               
                                                                                              

The acronyms used stand for: (i) TI ­ Terminal Illness (ii) ATPD ­ Accidental Total Permanent Disability (iii) WOP
­ Waiver of Premium (iv)ADB- Accidental Death Benefit
The variant chosen at inception cannot be changed during the policy term.
    Bajaj Life

   eTouch II

     A Non-Linked , Non-Participating,Individual Life Insurance Term Plan

Step 2:Choose your Sum Assured
          Decide on the level of protection by choosing the sum assured you need to safeguard your family's fu-
          ture.
          In case if you have opted for Life Shield Plus Variant, you get to choose the ADB Sum Assured also,
          which is payable along with Death Benefit to your family in case of death due to accident.

Step 3:Choose your Death Benefit Payment option
          Select how your family will receive the Death Benefit in your absence­
          · A one-time lump sum, or
          · Partly as Lump sum & partly as monthly income for 5 / 10 / 20 / 30 / 40 years
          · Monthly income for 5 / 10 / 20 / 30 / 40 years

Step 4:Choose your Policy Term and the Premium Payment Term (as applicable)
          Select the period for which you want to get life insurance protection and the period for which you want
          to pay the premium.

Step 5:Choose your Premium Payment Frequency
          Depending on your convenience you can decide the interval at which you would prefer to pay the pre-
          mium during the premium payment term.

          Your premium will be based on your current age, gender, sum assured, variant, death benefit payout
          option, policy term, premium payment term & frequency, discounts applicable etc.

   Key Benefits Explained

          Variant: Life Shield

1. Death Benefit (Benefit payable on death of the Life Assured during the policy term)
     · No Prior Terminal Illness Claim is made: Your nominee/legal heir will receive the Sum Assured on Death.
     · Prior Terminal Illness Claim has been made: Your nominee/legal heir will receive the Prevailing Sum
       Assured on Death (i.e. Sum Assured on Death ­ Sum Assured on TI).
          In case, Sum Assured = TI Sum Assured, no Death Benefit will be paid.
          The policy will terminate on payment of Death Benefit.

2. Terminal Illness Benefit (Benefit payable in case the Life Assured is diagnosed with Terminal Illness during
     the policy term)
     a) If the Sum Assured chosen is less than or equal to `2 crores (i.e. maximum TI Sum Assured), We will
          pay the Sum Assured on TI and the policy will terminate

Or,
     b) If the Sum Assured chosen is greater than `2 crores (i.e. maximum TI Sum Assured), we will pay `2
          crores and the policy will continue with the balance Sum Assured, i.e. (Sum Assured on Death less
          `2 crores) with the waiver of future premiums. This balance Sum Assured on Death will be payable on
          death of the Life Assured, and the policy will terminate on death of Life Assured.

 Note: The sum assured will include any Life-Stage Upgrade sum assured under the policy. Terminal Illness
          Benefit is not an additional Benefit. It is an acceleration of Death Benefit and is included in the Sum Assured

on Death.

3. WOP Benefit on ATPD/TI
     We will waive off any future premiums under the policy
     a) If the Life Assured is diagnosed with Accidental Total Permanent Disability (ATPD), the policy will continue
         for existing Death benefit & Terminal Illness Benefit.

    Or,
     b) If the Life Assured is diagnosed with Terminal Illness (TI) & chosen Sum Assured is greater than `2 crores,
          the policy will continue for remaining Death Benefit.

     Maturity Benefit - Not applicable
Bajaj Life

eTouch II

A Non-Linked , Non-Participating,Individual Life Insurance Term Plan

   Sample Illustration

Ravi, a 35-year-old doctor, has just invested in opening a new clinic & wants to safeguard his family from the
financial uncertainties that could arise in case of his untimely death. He purchases Bajaj Life eTouch II with Life
Shield Variant. His policy details are as follows:

Sum Assured: `1 crore
Death Benefit Payment Option: 100% Lump sum
Policy Term & Premium Payment Term: 50 years (This cover Ravi till Age 85)
Premium Payment Frequency: Annual
Premiums Payable: `24,154 per annum (excluding GST/any other tax as applicable)
Total Premium Payable: `12,07,675 (excluding GST/any other tax as applicable)

Let us look at the benefits payable in different scenarios.
Scenario 1 ­ Ravi passes away at Age 50: His family receives the Sum Assured of `1 crore as a one-time lump

                 sum & the policy terminates

    `1 Crore paid to nominee
    on death of policy holder

       Premiums Paid                             On Death Policy Terminates
    `24,154 per annum

35                     50                                                                        85

                           Policy Term=50 years

Scenario 2 ­ Ravi is diagnosed with a Terminal Illness at Age 50: `1 crore is paid as Terminal Illness benefit &
                 the policy terminates

                           `1 Crore is paid as   On Terminal Illness Policy Terminates
                       Terminal Illness benefit

      Premiums Paid
    `24,154 per annum

35                     50                                                                        85

                           Policy Term=50 years

Scenario 3 ­ Ravi meets with an accident at Age 50 which results in total permanent disability:
                 Ravi's future premiums are waived off & his life cover continues till Age 85

      Premiums Paid                              Premiums are waived off & life cover continues
    `24,154 per annum

35                     50                                                                        85

                           Policy Term=50 years

The above premium rates are for non-smoker category and is excluding all applicable discounts.
    Bajaj Life

   eTouch II

     A Non-Linked , Non-Participating,Individual Life Insurance Term Plan

          Variant: Life Shield Plus

1. Death Benefit (Benefit payable on death of the Life Assured during the policy term)
· No Prior Terminal Illness Claim is made: Your nominee/legal heir will receive the Sum Assured on Death.
· Prior Terminal Illness Claim has been made: Your nominee/legal heir will receive the Prevailing Sum Assured

     on Death (i.e. Sum Assured on Death ­ Sum Assured on TI). In case, Sum Assured = TI Sum Assured, no Death
     Benefit will be paid.
     The policy will terminate on payment of Death Benefit.
2. Accidental Death Benefit (Benefit payable if the Life Assured's death occurs due to accident during the
     ADB cover period)
     In addition to the Death Benefit, an additional benefit equal to the ADB sum assured (as chosen at inception)
     shall be paid to the nominee/legal heir.
     Note: The ADB sum assured will include any Life-Stage Upgrade sum assured under the policy.

3. Terminal Illness Benefit (Benefit payable in case the Life Assured is diagnosed with Terminal Illness during the
     policy term)
     a) If the Sum Assured chosen is less than or equal to `2 crores (i.e. maximum TI Sum Assured), We will
     pay the Sum Assured on TI, and the policy will terminate
     Or,
     b) If the Sum Assured chosen is greater than `2 crores (i.e. maximum TI Sum Assured), We will pay `2
     crores and the policy will continue with the balance Sum Assured on Death, i.e. (Sum Assured less 2 crores)
     with the waiver of future premiums. This balance Sum Assured on Death will be payable on death of the Life
     Assured, and the policy will terminate on death of Life Assured.
     Note: The sum assured will include any Life-Stage Upgrade sum assured under the policy. Terminal Illness
     Benefit is not an additional Benefit. It is an acceleration of Death Benefit and is included in the Sum Assured
     on Death.

4. WOP Benefit on ATPD/TI
     We will waive off any future premiums under the policy in case
     a) If the Life Assured is diagnosed with Accidental Total Permanent Disability (ATPD), the policy will continue

 for existing Death benefit & Terminal Illness Benefit.
Or,

     b) If the Life Assured is diagnosed with Terminal Illness (TI) & chosen Sum Assured is greater than Rs 2
           crores the policy will continue for remaining Death Benefit and Accidental Death Benefit.

Maturity Benefit ­ Not applicable

   Sample Illustration

Rajesh is a 35-year-old event manager. He travels long distances on his vehicle frequently due to the nature
of his job. He wants to ensure that his wife & parents are able to lead a comfortable life in case of his untimely
death. Rajesh purchases Bajaj Life eTouch II with Life Shield Plus Variant, which gives him additional coverage in
case of death due to accident. His policy details are as follows:
Sum Assured: `1 crore
Accidental Death Benefit Cover: `1 crore
Death Benefit Payment Option: 100% Lump sum
Policy Term & Premium Payment Term: 50 years (This covers Rajesh till Age 85)
Premium Payment Frequency: Annual
Premiums Payable: `30,376 per annum (excluding GST/any other tax as applicable)
Total Premium Payable: `15,18,775 (excluding GST/any other tax as applicable)
Bajaj Life

eTouch II

A Non-Linked , Non-Participating,Individual Life Insurance Term Plan

Let us look at the benefits payable in different scenarios.
Scenario 1 ­ Rajesh passes away at Age 50 but not due to accident: His family receives the Sum Assured of `1

                 crore as a one-time lump sum & the policy terminates

                                           `1 Crore paid to nominee
                                           on death of policy holder

       Premiums Paid           On Death Policy Terminates
    `30,376 per annum

35                     50                                                  85

                           Policy Term=50 years

Scenario 2 ­ Rajesh meets with an accident at Age 50 which results in his unfortunate death: His family
                 receives a total amount of `2 crores (Sum Assured of `1 crore and ADB Sum Assured of `1 crore,) as
                 a one-time lump sum & the policy terminates

    `2 Crore paid to nominee
    on death of policy holder

       Premiums Paid           On Death Policy Terminates
    `30,376 per annum

35                     50                                                  85

                           Policy Term=50 years

Scenario 3 ­ Rajesh is diagnosed with a Terminal Illness at Age 50: `1 crore is paid as Terminal Illness benefit
                 & the policy terminates

                                               `1 Crore is paid as
                                           Terminal Illness benefit

       Premiums Paid           On terminal Illness Policy Terminates
    `30,376 per annum

35                     50                                                      85

                           Policy Term=50 years

Scenario 4 ­ Rajesh meets with an accident at Age 50 which results in total permanent disability: Rajesh's
                 future premiums, are waived off & his life cover continues till Age 85

       Premiums Paid       Premiums are waived off & life cover continues
    `30,376 per annum

35                     50                                                      85

                           Policy Term=50 years

The above premium rates are for non-smoker category and is excluding all applicable discounts.

         Variant: Life Shield ROP

1. Death Benefit (Benefit payable on death of the Life Assured during the policy term)
     · No Prior Terminal Illness Claim is made: Your nominee/legal heir will receive the Sum Assured (as chosen
     by you at inception).
     · Prior Terminal Illness Claim has been made: Your nominee/legal heir will receive the Prevailing Sum
     Assured on Death (i.e. Sum Assured on Death ­ Sum Assured on TI). In case, Sum Assured = TI Sum Assured,
     no Death Benefit will be paid.
     The policy will terminate on payment of Death Benefit.
Bajaj Life

eTouch II

A Non-Linked , Non-Participating,Individual Life Insurance Term Plan

2. Terminal Illness Benefit (Benefit payable in case the Life Assured is diagnosed with Terminal Illness during
     the policy term)
     a) If the Sum Assured chosen is less than or equal to `2 crores (i.e. maximum TI Sum Assured), we will
     pay the Sum Assured on TI, and the policy will terminate
     Or,
     b) If the Sum Assured chosen is greater than `2 crores, we will pay Rs 2 crores and the policy will continue
     with the balance Sum Assured on Death, i.e. (Sum Assured less 2 crores) with the waiver of future premiums.
     This balance Sum Assured on Death will be payable on death of the Life Assured, and the policy will terminate
     on death of Life Assured.

      Note: Terminal Illness Benefit is not an additional Benefit. It is an acceleration of Death Benefit and is included in the Sum Assured
      on Death.

3. WOP Benefit on ATPD/TI
     We will waive off any future premiums under the policy in case
     a) If the Life Assured is diagnosed with Accidental Total Permanent Disability (ATPD), the policy will continue for
     existing Death benefit & Terminal Illness Benefit.
     Or,
     b) If the Life Assured is diagnosed with Terminal Illness (TI) & chosen Sum Assured is greater than `2 crores,
     the policy will continue for remaining Death Benefit.

4. Maturity Benefit
     If the Life Assured survives till the end of Policy Term, Maturity Benefit will be payable

a) Benefit payable if the Life Assured survives till date of maturity and if no claims have been paid before date of
     maturity - You will receive an amount equal to Sum Assured on Maturity i.e. Total Premiums Paid, as a one-time
     lump sum on the date of maturity

b) Benefit payable if Terminal Illness Benefit has been paid before the date of maturity ­ You will receive Matu-
     rity Benefit equal to [1 - (Sum Assured on TI/Sum Assured on Death)] X Total Premiums Paid and will be paid
     out on the maturity date.
     The Policy will terminate on payment of Maturity Benefit.

   Sample Illustration

45-year-old Rahul has retired early from his salaried job & has started his own business recently. He is looking for
a solution which can help his family stay independent in case of his untimely death, and give back his invested
amount in case nothing happens to him. Rahul purchases Bajaj Life eTouch II with Life Shield ROP Variant. His
policy details are as follows:

Sum Assured: `1 crore
Death Benefit Payment Option: 100% Lump sum
Policy Term & Premium Payment Term: 40 years (This covers Rahul till Age 85)
Premium Payment Frequency: Annual
Maturity Benefit Option: Lump sum Payout
Premiums Payable: `79,409 per annum (excluding GST/any other tax as applicable)
Total Premium Payable: `31,76,369 (excluding GST/any other tax as applicable)
Let us look at the benefits payable in different scenarios.

Scenario 1 ­ Rahul passes away at Age 55: His family receives the Sum Assured of `1 crore as a one-time lump
                 sum & the policy terminates

                                                  `1 Crore paid to nominee
                                                  on death of policy holder

      Premiums Paid        On Death Policy Terminates
    `79,409 per annum

45                     55                                             85

                           Policy Term=40 years
Bajaj Life

eTouch II

A Non-Linked , Non-Participating,Individual Life Insurance Term Plan

Scenario 2 ­ Rahul is diagnosed with a Terminal Illness at Age 55: `1 crore is paid as Terminal Illness benefit &
                 the policy terminates

           `1 Crore is paid as
        Terminal Illness benefit

      Premiums Paid                On terminal Illness Policy Terminates
    `79,409 per annum

45                         55                                                      85

                                   Policy Term=40 years

Scenario 3 ­ Rahul meets with an accident at Age 55 which results in total permanent disability: Rahul's
                 future premiums, are waived off & his life cover continues till Age 85. Maturity Benefit is payable in
                 case Rahul survives till Age 85.

          Premiums Paid            Premiums are waived off & life cover continues
        `79,409 per annum

    45                         55                                                      85

                                   Policy Term=40 years

Scenario 4 - Rahul survives till Age 85: He receives Maturity Benefit of `31,76,369 & the policy terminates

                                                                                                                                          Maturity Benefit

                                                                                                                   `31,76,369

                                                            Premiums Paid `79,409 per annum

45                                                                                     85

                                   Policy Term=40 years

The above premium rates are for non-smoker category and is excluding all applicable discounts.
Bajaj Life

eTouch II

A Non-Linked , Non-Participating,Individual Life Insurance Term Plan

Eligibility

                                                                      Variant

Parameter                  Life Shield & Life Shield Plus                             Life Shield ROP

Age at Entry               Cover up to Age 99             Cover not up to Age 99    Minimum: 18 years
                                                                                  (For Pay till 60 option,
Age at maturity                            Minimum: 18 years
Minimum Policy term                        Maximum: 65 years                       Minimum: 25 years)
Maximum Policy term        (For Pay till 60 option, Maximum: 55 years)             Maximum: 65 years
                                                                                  (For Pay till 60 option,
Premium Payment term                 99 years             Minimum: 28 years        Maximum: 55 years)
                           (For Life Shield Plus, for     Maximum: 85 years
Minimum Sum Assured                                                                 Minimum: 28 years
Maximum Sum Assured              ADB: 85 years)
ADB Sum Assured (For                                                               Maximum: 85 years
Life Shield Plus Variant)
TI Sum Assured                 99 minus Age at Entry               10 years       10 years
                              (For Life Shield Plus, for  85 minus Age at Entry   50 years
                           ADB: 85 minus Age at Entry)

                           Limited Premium                Limited Premium or      Limited Premium or Equal to
                                                          Equal to Policy term                Policy term

                           In Limited Premium, the Premium Payment Terms available are 5 Pay, 6 Pay, 10 Pay, 12 Pay, 15 Pay, 20
                                                                                  Pay and Pay till Age 60

                                         In Limited Premium, PPTs are subject to maximum PPT cessation age of 75 years

                                                                      `50,00,000

                           No limit, subject to Board Approved Underwriting Policy

                                                                           Minimum: `5,00,000
                                                                         Maximum: `2,00,00,000
                           ADB Sum Assured selected at inception will be in a proportion of 10%-100% of base sum as-

                                                                                      sured

                                                                  Minimum: `50,00,000
                                                                 Maximum: `2,00,00,000

                           TI Sum Assured will be as per the base sum assured subject to the above limits

Minimum & Maximum                                 As per the minimum & maximum Sum Assured
Premium
                                                     Yearly, Half yearly, Quarterly and Monthly
Premium Payment            Half yearly, Quarterly and Monthly premium frequencies are only allowed under
Frequency
                                       auto-debit process as allowed by RBI to financial institutions.

The product is available for sale through online mode.
All the references to age are Age as on last birthday. The sum assured that can be chosen will be in multiples of 100,000.
Sum Assureds are subject to the prevailing Board approved underwriting policy (BAUP) of the company.
In Life Shield ROP variant, for Limited Premium, the minimum difference between Policy term & Premium Payment Term
shall be five (5) years
Premium rate for female life will be with 3-year set-back

   Other Features available with Bajaj Life eTouch II

   Early Exit Value (Available with Life Shield & Life Shield Plus variant only)

You will have an option to exit from the policy before its maturity & get back all the premiums you have paid, if
all premiums due under the base policy are paid up-to-date and no prior claim has been taken in the policy. On
opting for it, the higher of Early Exit Value or Termination Value will be paid in the Policy.

    i) The Early Exit Value will be equal to the Total Premiums** Paid plus underwriting extra premium paid,
          both, under the base policy.

    ii) The Policy has to be in force at the time of availing this Early Exit Value.
Bajaj Life

eTouch II

A Non-Linked , Non-Participating,Individual Life Insurance Term Plan

iii) To exercise this option, the Life Assured must fulfil the following criteria: -
     · The option can be exercised at any time after completing twenty-five (25) policy years.
     · At the time of exercising the option the Life Assured minimum attained age should be 60.
     · The option cannot be exercised during the last five (5) policy years.

iv) The Early Exit Value feature shall not be available if Life Stage Upgrade Sum Assured has been taken in
     the base policy.

v) On payment of Early Exit Value, the policy will be terminated.
vi) No additional premiums are required to be paid to avail this option.

   Life Stage Upgrade (Available with Life Shield & Life Shield Plus variant )

Certain important events in life often call for an upgrade in one's needs & responsibilities. Bajaj Life eTouch II
offers you an option to increase the Sum Assured during such key stages of your life.
Under Life Shield and Life Shield Plus, before attained age of 45 years, the policyholder will have the option
to increase the original Sum Assured under the policy, on occurrence of the specific Life-Stage events men-
tioned below. The ADB sum assured will also increase in the same proportion to the base sum assured for Life
Shield Plus variant. The maturity date of the policy shall remain same as that of Base Cover.
The key events & the increase in Sum Assured is as per the below table.

                 Event         Maximum % increase in Sum  Maximum Additional Sum
                                             Assured            Assured Allowed
               Marriage                         50%                   `50 lakh
  Birth/Adoption of 1st child                   25%                   `25 lakh
  Birth/Adoption of 2nd child                   25%                   `25 lakh
                                                25%                   `50 lakh
             Home loan                          25%                   `25 lakh
Education Loan for Child(ren)

At inception itself, the policyholder has to opt for the Life-Stage Upgrade option. The Life Stage Upgrade can be
exercised within six (6) months of occurrence of the Life stage event, and the increase in Sum Assured will be
effective from the next policy anniversary onwards, provided the policy is in-force & all due premiums under the
policy are paid.
Due to the increase in Sum Assured, additional premium will be payable & this would depend on the variant, age
at the time of Upgrade, remaining policy term, remaining premium payment term, Life-Stage sum assured taken
& smoker category. Once a Life Stage Upgrade has been done, the total sum assured under the policy cannot be
subsequently decreased during the policy term.

Other conditions for Life Stage Upgrade:
   · There should have been no claims availed under the policy at any time before the Life-Stage Upgrade is re-
     quested
   · The Upgrade will be allowed provided the outstanding Policy Term and Premium Payment Term in the policy,
     at the time of Upgrade, are allowed in the product then. The outstanding Premium Payment Term at the time
     of Upgrade has to be at least five (5) years and outstanding policy term to be at least ten (10) years
   · You will have to provide the documents as requested by the company to avail this Life Stage Upgrade
     Underwriting as per Board Approved Underwriting Policy shall be done at the time of opting for Life Stage Up-
     grade
   · You can avail multiple Life Stage Upgrades, however the total increase in Sum Assured will be capped to
     100% of the original Sum Assured.
     For example, if the Sum Assured chosen at inception is `1 crore, the maximum Sum Assured that can be
     taken as Life Stage Upgrade is `1 crore.
   · For Life Shield Plus Variant, No Upgrade will be allowed which will lead to the total TI sum assured and/or ADB
     sum assured crossing the maximum ADB sum assured (respectively) under the product then.
     For example, if Sum Assured chosen at inception is `1.75 crore & ADB Sum Assured is 100% of base Sum As-
     sured, then the maximum Sum Assured that can be taken as Life Stage Upgrade will be `25 lakh. (Since the
     maximum ADB Sum Assured in the product is `2 crore).
    Bajaj Life

   eTouch II

     A Non-Linked , Non-Participating,Individual Life Insurance Term Plan

   Premium Holiday (Available with all the three variants)

Bajaj Life eTouch II offers a Premium Holiday option where, provided all premiums are paid up-to-date, you can
skip paying premiums for 1, 2 or 3 years during the policy term (as per your choice). This can help you during a fi-
nancial emergency like job loss, pay-cuts or sudden medical expenditure etc, when you can continue your policy
without paying premiums for the year & keep your life cover intact.

During the Premium Holiday period, the policy will remain in-force with all applicable benefits, without the need
of paying premiums.

You can select the number of Premium Holidays at inception. Once selected, the number of years of holidays
(1/2/3) cannot be altered subsequently. The first Premium Holiday will be available after completion of five (5)
policy years, provided the policy is in-force and all premiums are paid up-to-date.

Other conditions for Premium Holiday:
   · Premium Holidays will be available only if you have selected a Policy term and premium payment term of 20
     years or more
   · The duration of one premium holiday shall be a period of 12 policy months. The premium waived shall be the
     total premium payable during that year
   · If the premium holidays chosen under the policy is more than one-year, then, the next premium holiday can
     be opted only after a period of five (5) policy years after the previous premium holiday year, provided the
     policy is in-force and all premiums are paid up-to-date then.
   · You need to inform the company about your intention to exercise the premium holiday within the grace peri-
     od. Thus, if a premium is unpaid with no prior information, then at the end of the grace period the policy will
     either lapse or become paid-up, as applicable.
   · If the policyholder discontinues due-premium payment immediately after a premium holiday year, the reviv-
     al period will be considered to start from the date of premium-due after premium holiday period is over.
   · The premiums not received during the premium holiday will not be part of the Total Premiums Paid calcula-
     tion.
   · If any premium holiday benefit is opted and then not exercised voluntarily through-out the policy term, then,
     the company will waive the last one or two or three policy year premiums, depending on number of un-uti-
     lized premium holidays.
   · The Life Stage Upgrade feature shall not be available if premium holiday has been opted in the policy.

   Death Benefit Payment option (Available with all the three variants)

At inception, you will have the option to choose how your nominee will receive the Death Benefit in any of the 2
ways mentioned below:

   a)100% of the benefit in a lump-sum,
   b)X% of the benefit in a lump-sum and the remaining as monthly income instalments, where, X%= 10% to 90%
   c)100% of the benefit as monthly income instalments.

      · The choice and the percentage have to be chosen at inception of the policy itself.
     · The instalments will be paid monthly throughout the instalment period of 5, 10, 20, 30 or 40 years, as

          chosen by You at policy inception. The first monthly instalment will be due as on the date of death of the
          life assured.
Note:
     i. Even after the instalments have commenced, the nominee will have the option to convert all future
         monthly instalments into a lump-sum, which will be calculated as the present value of future instalments
          at a discounted rate of the 5%
     ii. The TI Benefit & ADB Sum Assured will be paid as lump-sum only
     iii. For Life Shield and Life Shield Plus variant, if Life Stage Upgrade has been exercised, 100% of the Life Stage
         Upgrade Sum Assured will be paid as lump sum.

   Maturity Benefit in Instalments (under Variant 3)

At the Policy Commencement Date, the policyholder will have the option to take the Maturity Benefit in instal-
ments. If opted for,

   (i) At Maturity, the Maturity Benefit payable shall be paid out in yearly instalments over the next five (5)
          years.

   (ii) The amount of each instalment will be [Maturity Benefit / 5] hiked up by 20% and will be paid out yearly,
         starting from the date of maturity.
Bajaj Life

eTouch II

A Non-Linked , Non-Participating,Individual Life Insurance Term Plan

   Auto Cover Continuance Benefit (Available with all the three variants)

You will have the option to defer the premiums due for a period of up to 12 months from the due date, while main-
taining the full risk cover under the base plan and attached riders, if any. There is no additional premium appli-
cable for this feature. In the event of a claim during this period, sum assured will be payable after deducting the
unpaid premiums, if any, as on date of death or other insured event covered under base product and attached
riders. If the claim is with respect to WOP on ATPD, outstanding premiums will not be recovered.

At the end of Auto Cover Continuance Benefit period, You will be required to pay the outstanding premium along
with the next due premium. If the outstanding premium and the next due premium by the end of the grace period
(for the next due premium) are not paid, the policy will be converted into a lapsed/paid-up policy, as applicable.

Other conditions for Auto Cover Continuance Benefit:
   i) This option can be taken provided at least 3 policy years have been completed and provided all due premiums
       have been paid, and the policy is in-force.
   ii) You can avail this benefit multiple times during the premium payment term with a gap of at least 5 policy
       years from the expiry date of previous Auto Cover Continuance Benefit.
   E.g., You have opted for Auto Cover Continuance Benefit in the 5th policy year (fifth year premium is not paid),
   the next Auto Cover Continuance Benefit will be available to him from the 11th policy year beginning.
   iii) You can terminate or surrender the policy anytime even during the Auto Cover Continuance Benefit year.
   iv) You need to intimate the company 30 days (15 days in case of monthly mode) before exercising Auto Cover
       Continuance Benefit. If a premium is unpaid with no prior intimation, the policy, at the end of the grace pe-
       riod will be converted into a lapsed/paid-up policy, as applicable.
   v) The Auto Cover Continuance Benefit shall not be available during the last year of the premium paying term.
   vi) No interest shall be levied on the premium due during the Auto Cover Continuance Benefit period

   Health Management Services (Available with all the variants)

Provided you continue paying your due premiums on time, you will have the option to take Health Management
Services such as medical second opinion, medical case management, medical consultation from the service
providers registered with the company at no additional cost.
These wellness services can help you (life assured) to get correct diagnosis of a medical condition and to procure
appropriate illness care.
Please note that:
i. The company can choose to commence/discontinue the service/s or change the service provider/s at any

    time.
ii. The Company will communicate to the Policyholder and inform the Authority if & when the Health Management

    Services feature is discontinued/changed in the plan.
For more details on these services, applicable terms & conditions please refer to the policy document available
on company's website.

Riders

You can enjoy extra coverage during the policy term by choosing the optional additional rider benefits at a

nominal extra cost. The rider available with all variants under Bajaj Life eTouch II is:

1. Bajaj Life Family Protect Rider                                                        (UIN:116B056V01)

2. Bajaj Life New Critical Illness Benefit Rider                                          (UIN: 116B058V01)

3. Bajaj Life Accidental Death Benefit Rider II                                           (UIN: 116B063V01)

4. Bajaj Life Accidental Permanent Total/Partial Disability Benefit Rider II              (UIN: 116B064V01)

5. Bajaj Life Care Plus Rider Non-Linked                                                  (UIN: 116B062V01)

Bajaj Life Accidental Death Benefit Rider II is available with variant 1 & 3. Please refer to respective rider sales

literature or visit Company website or consult your "Insurance Consultant" for more details and eligibility

conditions.
Bajaj Life

eTouch II

A Non-Linked , Non-Participating,Individual Life Insurance Term Plan

   Option to Change Premium Payment Frequency

You will have the option to change the prevailing premium payment frequency at any policy anniversary during the
premium payment term, subject to the availability, then, of the premium payment frequency and the minimum
premium allowed under the product then.
The modal premium for frequencies other than yearly premium frequency is arrived at by multiplying the annual
premium (after applicable HSAR) by the premium payment frequency factors as given below:

Premium frequency  Monthly  Quarterly                                 Half yearly  Yearly
Frequency Factor    0.0875     0.26                                        0.51     1.00

   High Sum Assured Rebate (HSAR)

HSAR on premium will be offered to all policies with Sum Assured 1 crore and above.

   Preferential Premium Rates

Preferential Premium rates will be offered to non-tobacco users & to women, and premium discount will be
offered for policies sourced through online mode.

    Premium Rebates/ Discounts (Applicable for all 3 variants)

Loyalty Rebate (For existing Bajaj Life Insurance Limited Individual customers)
The Loyalty rebate will be available to all individual policyholders of the company, who have matured policies or
whose policy is in-force for at least three (3) months at the time of taking this policy.
The rebate is 1% of premium, through-out the premium paying term.

One-time discount - Salary Rebate
A salary rebate of 5% of the first-year premium will be available for policyholders who are Salaried employees.
Alternatively, the salary rebate can be availed as level discount of 1% through-out the PPT and this will be appli-
cable on the premium amount arrived at after HSAR.
Once a level discount is selected under this, any applicable discounts under Online, Direct Sales, Web Aggregator
& ISNP Discount and Insurance for All will also be applied as level discounts.

Insurance for All Discount (For policyholders who are `first time buyers' of life insurance policy)
If the policy being purchased is the first individual life insurance policy on the life of the LA, then an Insurance
for All Discount of 5% will be applied on the first-year premium.
Alternatively, the Insurance for All discount can be availed as level discount of 1% through-out the PPT and this
will be applicable on the premium amount arrived at after HSAR..
Once a level discount is selected under this, any applicable discounts under Online, Direct Sales, Web Aggregator
and ISNP Discount and Salaried will also be applied as level discounts.

Online/ Direct Sales/ Web Aggregator Discount
For online, direct sales, web aggregator and ISNP sales, there is a rebate of 6% available on the first­year premium.
Alternatively, this rebate can be availed as level discount of 1% through-out the PPT and this will be applicable on
the premium amount arrived at after HSAR. Once a level discount is selected under this, any applicable discounts
under Insurance for All and Salaried will also be applied as level discounts.

Staff Discount
The product is also available for our staff, wherein a further rebate of 4%(throughout the Premium Payment
Term).

SISO (Systematic In Systematic Out) Benefit
Under Variant 3 - Life Shield ROP, on opting for monthly mode of premium payment, only at policy inception there
will be a SISO benefit available. The discount is 6% of premium (on the premium calculated post HSAR) through-
Bajaj Life

eTouch II

A Non-Linked , Non-Participating,Individual Life Insurance Term Plan

out the premium paying term.
It is being offered to encourage policyholder participation/take-up and to make the Term product with ROP var-
iant more affordable for the customers who opt monthly mode.

Premium Payment Mode Discount (SISO Benefit)

Annual       NA

Semi Annual  NA

Quarterly    NA

Monthly      6%

SISO benefit is offered to encourage policyholder participation and to make the Term product with ROP variant
more affordable for the customers who opt monthly mode.

Under Life Shield ROP variant, if SISO Benefit is opted then Online, Direct Sales, Web Aggregator and ISNP Dis-
count will not be applicable for the policy.

Prime Discount:
Under Prime discount, there is a rebate of 5% through-out the PPT. If this option is chosen, then, no other rebate
(other than Female Rebate & HSAR) will be available in the policy.

   Termination Value / Surrender Value

We advise you to continue your policy and enjoy life coverage and other policy benefits. However, we understand
      that in certain circumstances you may want to surrender your policy.

For Life Shield and Life Shield Plus variant (Termination Value):
a) Termination Value is payable only if the Premium Payment Term (PPT) is limited premium.

    Under Regular Premium payment option, no Termination Value shall be available.
b) Under limited premium payment option:

    · During PPT ­ No Termination Value will be payable
    · Post Completion of PPT ­ Termination Value will be payable
c) The Termination Value is equal to: [Termination factor X Total Premiums Paid]
d) The Termination Value payable shall not be less than any Early Exit Value available under the Policy at 
      that time. Termination factors are not guaranteed.
For Life Shield ROP variant (Surrender Value):
a) Surrender Value is payable under the Policy, only if one (1) full years premiums have been paid.
b) The Policy will acquire a Surrender Value (i.e. Special Surrender Value SSV) after completion of first policy year
      provided one full year premium has been received. The Policy will acquire a Guaranteed Surrender Value
      provided two (2) full years premiums have been paid.
c) The Surrender Value payable will be higher of:
    · Guaranteed Surrender Value (GSV) where, GSV is equal to GSV factor multiplied by the Total Premiums Paid
    · Special Surrender Value (SSV)
The surrender value shall not exceed 100% of Total Premiums Paid till the date of surrender.
GSV factors are guaranteed throughout the Policy Term. The SSV factors mentioned above are not guaranteed,
will be reviewed by the company annually.
The policy will terminate on the date of surrender.
For Termination and Surrender Value factors kindly visit the company website.
Note: (for all the variants)
a) If the TI Benefit has been paid and the Policy is continuing for Remaining Death Benefit, then, the Termina-

tion/ Surrender Value will be proportionally reduced for the benefit paid by a specific factor.
    Bajaj Life

   eTouch II

     A Non-Linked , Non-Participating,Individual Life Insurance Term Plan

   Tax Benefits

Premium paid, Terminal Illness Benefit, Maturity Benefit, Early Exit Value and Death Benefit may be eligible for
tax benefits as per extant Income Tax Act, subject to the provision stated therein and as amended from time to
time. You are requested to consult your tax consultant and obtain independent advice for eligibility and before
claiming any benefit under the policy.

   Terms & Conditions

   Free Look Period

You will have a free look period of thirty (30) days beginning from the date of receipt of the Policy Document,
whether received electronically or otherwise, to review the terms and conditions of the policy. In the event You
disagree to any of the policy terms or conditions, or otherwise and have not made any claim, you shall have the
option to return the policy to Us for cancellation, stating the reasons for the same. Irrespective of the reasons
mentioned, you shall be entitled to a refund of the premium paid subject only to a deduction of a proportionate
risk premium for the period of cover and the expenses, if any, incurred by the insurer on medical examination of
the proposer and stamp duty charges. The request for cancellation of the policy during free look period shall be
processed and the premiums shall be refunded within 7 days of receipt of such request.

   Grace Period

If you have failed to make payment of the premium by the due date specified, you will be allowed a grace period
of thirty (30) days for premium payment frequencies other than monthly and fifteen (15) days for monthly fre-
quency to pay the due premium without any penalty or late fee.
During the grace period, the life assured will be covered for the contingent events & on occurrence of the con-
tingent events during the grace period when the due premium up to the date of the contingent event was not
paid, the same will be deducted from the benefit payable. On the occurrence of the contingent event during the
Grace Period, the due-but-unpaid premium will be deducted from the benefit payable.

   Non-Payment of Premiums

Life Shield Variant & Life Shield Plus Variant
If you have not paid any due premium before the expiry of the grace period, then, your policy will lapse at the expiry
of the grace period. No paid up value is available under the policy.

Life Shield ROP Variant
· If you have not paid one (1) full years' premiums, then policy will, immediately & automatically, lapse at the ex-
piry of the grace period, and no benefit under the policy will be paid.
· If you have paid one (1) full years' premiums and subsequent premiums have not been paid(i.e. the policy which
acquired a surrender value) the policy shall not lapse by reason of the non-payment of future premium, instead,
your policy will be, immediately & automatically, converted to a paid-up policy at the expiry of the grace period.

 o The Paid-up Sum Assured, Paid-up Sum Assured on Death and Paid-up Sum Assured on TI are obtained by
    multiplying the Sum Assured, Sum Assured on Death and Sum Assured on TI, respectively, by a correspond-
    ing factor equal to the proportion of the number of premiums paid to the total number of premiums payable
    under the policy; and the paid-up sum assured on maturity will be based on Total Premiums Paid till date of
    paid-up.

 o There is no paid-up value available with respect to WOP benefit.
 o At no time, the Death Benefit under a paid-up policy will be less than 105% of the Total Premiums Paid till date

    of paid-up.
You will have the option to revive the lapsed/ paid-up policy as per the revival conditions under the policy.
    Bajaj Life

   eTouch II

     A Non-Linked , Non-Participating,Individual Life Insurance Term Plan

   Revival

If your policy is lapsed or converted to a paid-up policy, you may revive the policy subject to the following conditions:
    a) An application for revival is made within five (5) years from the due date of the first unpaid premium
          (from the date at which the premium was due at the beginning of Auto Cover Continuance period, if applicable)
         but before the end of the policy term
    b) All the due premiums together with applicable interest, at such rate as decided by the Company from time
         to time, along with applicable taxes are paid. The current applicable revival interest is 9% p.a. compounded
         half-yearly.
    c) You, at your own expense, agree to undergo medical examination and provide evidence of continuity of
         insurability.
    d) The revival of the policy may be on terms different from those applicable to the policy before it lapsed/
         paid-up, based on prevailing board approved underwriting guidelines.
    e) The Company may revive or refuse to revive the policy, based on the Board approved underwriting guidelines.
         If the policy is refused revival based on the board approved underwriting guidelines, the Company will
         refund the amount deposited for the purposes of revival of the policy.
    f) The revival will only be effective when the Company has specifically communicated the same to You.
    g) On revival, you are entitled to receive all contractual benefits

Note: The revival interest rate will be benchmarked to the G-Sec based on the information from Financial
Benchmark India Private Ltd (FBIL). It will be equal to [10-year G-Sec yield PLUS 2%] rounded-up to the next
full interest rate. The revival interest rate will be reviewed on an annual basis. Any change in bases used for
determination of applicable interest rate will be subject to prior approval of IRDAI.

   Exclusions

Suicide Exclusion
In case of death of the life assured due to suicide, within 12 months from the date of commencement of risk or
the date of latest revival of the policy, whichever is later, the nominee or beneficiary of the policyholder shall be
entitled to receive higher of 80% of the Total Premiums Paid or the Surrender Value/ Termination Value (as appli-
cable) as on the date of death, provided the policy is in force.
Accidental Death Benefit:
The accidental death benefit will not be payable in the following situations:

    1) Death occurs as a result of the insured person committing any breach of law with criminal intent
    2) Death as a consequence of the insured person being under the influence of alcohol or drugs other than

          in accordance with the directions of a registered medical practitioner.
    3) Death as a result of self-inflicted injuries.
    4) Death occurs as a result of the insured person taking part in any naval, military or air force operation during

          peace time.
    5) Death occurs as a result of the insured person participating in or training for any dangerous or hazardous

          sport or competition or riding or driving in any form of race or competition
    6) Death occurs as a result of suicide
    7) Death occurs as a result of aviation, gliding or any form of aerial flight other than as a fare paying passenger

          of a recognized airline on regular routes and on a scheduled timetable
    8) Death occurs as a result of war, invasion, civil war, rebellion, riots.
    9) Failure to follow medical advice
    10) Nuclear Contamination; the radio-active, explosive or hazardous nature of nuclear fuel materials or proper-

          ty contaminated by nuclear fuel materials or accident arising from such nature.

Accidental Total Permanent Disability:
WOP on Accidental Total Permanent Disability will not be triggered in the following situations:

    1) Disability as a result of the insured person committing any breach of law with criminal intent;
    2) Disability of insured person as a result of war, invasion, civil war, rebellion or riot;
    3) Disability as a consequence of the insured person being under the influence of alcohol or drugs other

          than drugs
    Bajaj Life

   eTouch II

     A Non-Linked , Non-Participating,Individual Life Insurance Term Plan

 prescribed by and taken in accordance with the directions of a registered medical practitioner;
    4) Disability as a result of the insured person taking part in any naval, military or air force operation;
    5) Disability as a result of the insured person participating in or training for any dangerous or hazardous
          sport or

 competition or riding or driving in any form of race or competition;
    6) Disability of insured person as a result of aviation, gliding or any form of aerial flight other than as a fare
          paying

 passenger on a civilian airline flying on regular routes and according to a scheduled timetable;
    7) Disability of insured person as a result of attempted self-injury
    8) Disability of insured person as a result of poison, gas or fume (voluntary or involuntarily, accidentally or

 otherwise taken, administered, absorbed or inhaled).
    9) Failure to follow medical advice
   10) Nuclear Contamination; the radio-active, explosive or hazardous nature of nuclear fuel materials or proper
         ty contaminated by nuclear fuel materials or accident arising from such nature

   Loan

Under Life Shield and Life Shield Plus Variant: Policy loan is not available
Under Life Shield ROP Variant: Provided the policy has acquired surrender value, during the policy term, You will
have the option to take policy loan, subject to a maximum limit of 50% of the surrender value available under the
policy.

    a) Loan interest rate applicable for the loan will be as decided by the company from time-to-time. Currently
          the rate of interest for loan is 9% p.a. compounding half-yearly.

    b) On death, TI, maturity or surrender, the outstanding policy loan plus interest, as on the date of death /TI/
          maturity/surrender, will be deducted from the death/TI /maturity/surrender value payable.

    c) The policy will be foreclosed under the following circumstances:
    · For other than in-force and fully paid-up policies: If, at any time (during the policy term), the outstanding

          policy loan and interest exceeds the surrender value, then, the company will inform the policyholder for
          payment of interest-due and/or full/part repayment with the notice period of 30-days and, at the end
          of notice period, the policy will be foreclosed and any surrender value will be adjusted towards the out-
          standing loan plus interest.
    · For in-force or fully paid-up policies: The policy will not be foreclosed on the ground of outstanding loan
          amount including interest exceeds the surrender value.

Note:
The loan interest rate will be benchmarked to the G-Sec based on the information from Financial Benchmark
India Private Ltd (FBIL). It will be equal to [10-year G-Sec yield PLUS 2%] rounded-up to the next full interest
rate. The loan interest rate will be reviewed on an annual basis as on 1st April every financial year. The revised
interest rate shall be applicable to both existing loans and to new loans offered. Any change in bases used for
determination of applicable interest rate will be subject to prior approval of IRDAI.

   Termination

The risk cover under the Policy will terminate, immediately and automatically, on the earliest occurrence of the
following events.

    i) On the date of lapse
    ii) The risk cover under the TI Benefit will terminate on payment of the TI Benefit. If there is any Remaining

        Death Benefit under the Policy the policy will continue till the date of death or maturity or surrender of
        the policy, whichever is earlier.
    iii) On the date of death, if Death Benefit in Instalments has been chosen under the Policy
    iv) On the Maturity date, if Maturity Benefit in instalment has been chosen in Life Shield ROP variant
    Bajaj Life

   eTouch II

     A Non-Linked , Non-Participating,Individual Life Insurance Term Plan

This Policy shall, immediately and automatically, terminate on the earliest occurrence of any of the following
        events:

    i) On the expiry of the Revival Period, for a Policy lapsed
    ii) On payment of the TI Benefit, if there is no Remaining Death Benefit under the Policy.
    iii) On the death of Life Assured, if Death Benefit in lump sum has been chosen in the Policy.
    iv) On the payment of all the last Death Benefit Instalment, if Death Benefit in Instalments has been chosen

          under the Policy.
    v) On the Maturity Date, for Life Shield & Life Shield Plus variants & if Maturity benefit in instalment payouts

          has not been chosen in Life Shield ROP variant
    vi) On the payment the last instalment, if Maturity benefit in instalment payouts has been chosen in Life

          Shield ROP variant.
    vii) On payment of Termination / Surrender Value
    viii) On payment of Early Exit Value (if applicable)
    ix) On payment of refund in case of cancellation under Free-look

   Definitions

1) Sum Assured on Death: is defined as higher of
      a)10 times Annualized Premium
      b) Sum Assured plus, total Life-Stage sum assured.

At no time the Sum Assured on Death will be less than Guaranteed Death Benefit of 105% of the Total Premiums
paid up to the date of death.

Annualized Premium means the premium amount payable in a year excluding taxes, rider premiums, underwrit-
ing extra premiums and loadings for modal premiums.
Total Premiums Paid means total of all the premiums paid under the base product, excluding any extra premium
and taxes, if collected explicitly.
Please note that GST and cess, if any, will be collected over and above the premium under the policy.
Sum Assured on TI is the lower of (a) Sum Assured on Death, (b) Maximum TI Sum Assured
Sum Assured on Maturity is applicable only under Life Shield ROP variant and is equal to Total Premiums paid.

2) Terminal Illness: "Terminal Illness means a disease with which the Life Assured is diagnosed with and in the
opinion of a Medical Practitioner and Our appointed Medical Practitioner is likely to lead to the death of the Life
Assured within six (6) months from the date of such certification by the Medical Practitioner "
Medical Practitioner:
A medical practitioner is a person who holds a valid registration from the medical council of any state of India
or Medical Council of India or Council for Indian Medicine and is thereby entitled to practice medicine within its
jurisdiction; and is acting within the scope and jurisdiction of his license. This would mean a practitioner treat-
ing the Life Insured must be holding a degree equivalent to MD or MS in the relevant field to certify the medical
condition.
The Medical practitioner should not be

      a) the policyholder/insured person himself/herself; or
      b) an authorized insurance intermediary (or related persons) involved with selling or servicing the insurance

         contract in question; or
      c) employed by or under contractual engagement with the insurance company;
      d) related to the policyholder/insured person by blood or marriage.

3) Accidental Death Benefit: "Accident" shall mean a sudden, unforeseen and involuntary event caused by
external, visible, and violent means.
`Accidental Death' means death caused by sudden, violent, unforeseen and involuntary event caused by external
    Bajaj Life

   eTouch II

     A Non-Linked , Non-Participating,Individual Life Insurance Term Plan

and visible means as revealed by an autopsy provided such death was caused directly by such Accident, and
independently of any physical or mental illness within one hundred and eighty (180) days of the date of Accident.
If the accident leading to death has occurred during the coverage term but accidental death has occurred after
the expiry of coverage term, however within 180 days from the date of accident, the accidental death benefit
shall be paid. No base sum assured shall be paid since the coverage term has expired.

4) Accidental Total Permanent Disability: "Accidental Total Permanent Disability" shall mean disability of the
life insured as a result of bodily injury caused by an accident (a sudden unforeseen and involuntary event caused
by external and visible means) and such injury shall within 180 days of its occurrence solely, directly and inde-
pendently of any other cause, result in the life assureds disability which must be permanent and total and must
result in at least one of the following:
(a) Loss of both eyes; (b) Loss of both arms and both hands; (c) Loss of one arm and one leg; (d) Loss of one arm
and one foot; (e) Loss of one hand and one foot; (f) Loss of one hand and one leg; (g) Loss of both legs; (h) Loss
of both feet

The disability must be documented for an uninterrupted period of at least six months.
   · Loss of both eyes means total loss of vision in both eyes, certified by an ophthalmologist
   · If the disability is due to amputation/ dismemberment, loss of hand will mean amputation/ dismemberment
     above wrist, loss of arm will mean amputation/ dismemberment above elbow, loss of feet will mean amputa-
     tion/ dismemberment above ankle and loss of leg will mean amputation/ dismemberment above knee
   · If the disability is not due to amputation/dismemberment, loss will mean loss of usage of both limbs and the
     limbs should have motor power grade 0/5, 1/5 or 2/5 only.
   · The Accidental Permanent Total Disability has to be certified by a registered Medical Practitioner, appointed
     by the company. Claim intimation should be received in writing within 60 days of occurrence of the Accident,
     which is causing total disability of the rider life assured.
   · The Disability Benefit is paid if and only if disability is detected as per above Disability Condition.
    Bajaj Life

   eTouch II

     A Non-Linked , Non-Participating,Individual Life Insurance Term Plan

   Grievance Redressal

Link for registering the grievance with the insurer's portal: Insurance company grievance portal -
https://bit.ly/3YdvtCr

In case the Policyholder have any query or compliant/grievance, you may contact the Grievance Officer
of any nearest Customer Care Centre at Branch Office of the Company. Alternatively, you may communicate with
the Company:
By post at: Customer Care Desk,
Bajaj Life Insurance Ltd.,
Bajaj Insurance House, Airport Road, Yerawada, Pune - 411006
By Phone at: Customer Care Number: 020 6712 1212
By Email: customercare@bajajlife.com

In case the Policyholder are not satisfied with the resolution provided to him by the above office, or have not
received any response within fourteen (14) days, or he has any suggestion in respect of this Policy or on the
functioning of the office, he may contact the following official for resolution:
Grievance Redressal Officer,
Bajaj Life Insurance Ltd.,
Bajaj Insurance House, Airport Road Yerawada, Pune, District ­ Pune, Maharashtra -411006
Customer Care Number: 020-6712 1212
Email ID: gro@bajajlife.com

If the Policyholder is not satisfied with the response or does not receive a response from the Company within
fourteen (14) days, he may approach the IRDAI Grievance Cell Centre (IGCC) on the following contact details:
By Phone: TOLL FREE NO: 1800-4254-732
By Email: complaints@irdai.gov.in
By post at: Policyholder's Protection & Grievance Redressal Department ­ Grievance Redressal Cell Insurance
Regulatory and Development Authority of India
Sy. No. 115/1, Financial District, Nanakramguda, Gachibowli, Hyderabad ­ 500 032

The Policyholder can also register his complaint in the Bima Bharosa Shikayat Nivaran Kendra; https://
bimabharosa.irdai.gov.in
In case the complaint is not resolved within 30 days or you are not satisfied with the decision/ resolution of the
Company, you may approach the Insurance Ombudsman. Contact details of Ombudsman: Find your nearest
Ombudsman office at https://www.cioins.co.in/ombudsman

   Statutory Information

   Assignment (Section 38 of the Insurance Act, 1938)

Assignment shall be in accordance with provisions of section 38 of the Insurance Act 1938 as amended from
time to time.

   Nomination (Section 39 of the Insurance Act, 1938)

Nomination shall be in accordance with provisions of section 39 of the Insurance Act 1938 as amended from
time to time
    Bajaj Life

   eTouch II

     A Non-Linked , Non-Participating,Individual Life Insurance Term Plan

   Prohibition of Rebate (Section 41 of the Insurance Act, 1938)

Prohibition of Rebate should be in accordance with provisions of section 41 of the Insurance Act 1938 as amend-
ed from time to time.
"No person shall allow or offer to allow, either directly or indirectly, as an inducement to any person to take out
or renew or continue an insurance in respect of any kind of risk relating to lives or property in India, any rebate
of the whole or part of the commission payable or any rebate of the premium shown on the policy, nor shall any
person taking out or renewing or continuing a policy accept any rebate, except such rebate as may be allowed in
accordance with the published prospectuses or tables of the insurer.
Any person making default in complying with the provision of this section shall be liable for a penalty which may
extend up to ten lakh rupees."

   Fraud & Misstatement (Section 45 of the Insurance Act, 1938)

Fraud & Misstatement would be dealt with in accordance with provisions of section 45 of the Insurance Act 1938
as amended from time to time.

   Applicability of Goods & Service Tax

GST will be applicable basis prevailing Tax Laws which are subject to amendments from time to time.

   Disclaimer

All Charges applicable shall be levied. This brochure should be read in conjunction with the Benefit Illustration.
The Policy document is the conclusive evidence of contract and provides in details all the conditions and exclu-
sions related to Bajaj Life eTouch II. Please ask for the same along with the quotation.
The Logo of Bajaj Life Insurance Limited is provided on the basis of license given by Bajaj Finserv Limited to use its
"Bajaj" Logo.

  Contact Details

Bajaj Life Insurance Limited, Bajaj Insurance House, Airport Road, Yerawada, Pune - 411 006.
IRDAI Reg No.: 116 | CIN: U66010PN2001PLC015959
For any queries please contact:

Sales: 022-6124 1800  Service: 020-6712 1212  UIN: 116N198V09

Mail us: customercare@bajajlife.com  Visit us at: www.bajajlifeinsurance.com

For More Information: Kindly consult our "Insurance Consultant" or call us today on the Customer Care Numbers
mentioned above.

BEWARE OF SPURIOUS PHONE CALLS AND FICTITIOUS / FRAUDULENT OFFERS -

IRDAI or its officials do not involve in activities like selling insurance policies, announcing bonus or investment of
premiums. Public receiving such phone calls are requested to lodge a police complaint.

                                                                              BLIC-BR-EC-23297/26
