Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance                                                         POLICY CONTRACT
Super Term Plan

A Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual
Pure Risk Premium Life Term Insurance Plan

 PART B ­ DEFINITIONS

GENERAL

The Company may amend or place endorsement/s to this Policy from time to time for any changes agreed to by the
Policyholder and the Company, and any such amendments or endorsement/s will form part of this Policy.

In this Policy, the words or terms below that appear in initial capitals will have the specific meaning assigned to them
below. These defined words or terms will, where appropriate to the context, be read so that the singular includes
the plural, and the masculine includes the feminine.

Any capitalized term used and not defined herein shall have the same meaning as is ascribed to them under the rider
terms and conditions if the rider has been provided for and is In-force under the Policy. In case of any common terms
in the rider terms and conditions and this Policy, for the purpose of this Policy the meaning ascribed to such terms
in this Policy shall prevail.

DEFINITIONS

1. "Act" refers to the Insurance Act 1938 as amended from time to time and shall include the Insurance Laws
     (Amendment) Act 2015.

2. "Absolute Amount Assured to be Paid on Death" means the Effective Sum Assured as on the date of death in
   accordance with the Plan Option chosen by You at inception.

3. "Accident" means sudden, unforeseen and involuntary event caused by external, visible, violent means.

4. "Accelerated Critical Illness (ACI) Benefit" shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 4 of Part C.

5. "Accelerated Critical Illness (ACI) Benefit Cover Term" shall mean the term as specified in the Schedule, during
   which the Accelerated Critical Illness Benefit will be available under the Policy

6. "Accelerated Critical Illness (ACI) Benefit Pay Term" shall mean the term as specified in the Schedule, during
   which the applicable premium for Accelerated Critical Illness Benefit is payable by the Policyholder under the
   Policy

7. "Accelerated Critical Illness (ACI) Benefit Sum Assured" means a critical illness benefit amount chosen by You as
   a part of the Sum Assured as specified in the Schedule, which is payable in accordance with Section 4 of Part C.

8. "Age" refers to Age of the Life Insured in completed years as on the last birthday.

9. "Annualized Premium/One Full Year Premium" shall be the premium amount payable in a year chosen by the
   Policyholder, excluding the taxes, rider premiums, underwriting extra premiums, any first-year discount, where
   applicable, and loadings for modal premiums, if any. Any extra premium on account of Accelerated Critical Illness
   (ACI) Benefit, if any, is also excluded.

10."Appointee" is the person who is appointed by You and as named in the Policy Schedule, in case where Nominee
   is minor.

11."Assignment" means a provision wherein the Policyholder can assign or transfer a Policy in accordance with Section
   38 of the Insurance Act, 1938 as amended from time to time.

12."Assignee" means the person to whom the rights and benefits are transferred by virtue of an assignment.

ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract _December 2025
Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance                       POLICY CONTRACT
Super Term Plan

A Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual
Pure Risk Premium Life Term Insurance Plan

13."Attained Age" corresponds to the Age last birthday of the Life Insured on the Policy Issue Date and then
   incremented by one on each Policy Anniversary.

14."Death Benefit" means the benefit payable on death of the Life Insured as specified in the Policy.

15."Free-Look Period" means the period as specified in the Policy, during which You can return the Policy in case You
   are not satisfied with the terms and conditions of the Policy.

16."Grace Period" means the time granted by Us from the Due date of first unpaid premium without any penalty or
   late fee, during which time the Policy is considered to be in-force with the full insurance cover as per the terms and
   conditions of the Policy without any interruption. The Grace Period is 30 (Thirty) days from the due date to pay
   premiums.

17."Guaranteed Surrender Value (GSV)" shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 5.2 of Part D of the Policy

18."Income Benefit Period (IBP)" is the number of years during which the Nominee will receive monthly income after
   the death of the Life Insured. The Income Benefit Period once chosen cannot be changed during the term of the
   Policy. The income will be payable in equal monthly instalments of 10 or 15 or 20 years as chosen by You at the
   inception of the Policy.

19."Instalment Premium" is the premium as payable by You and as shown in the Policy Schedule to effect and continue
   this Policy.

20."IRDAI or Authority" means the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India.

21."Life Insured" is the person on whose life the contingent events have to occur for the benefits to be payable under
   this Policy and as named in the Policy Schedule.

22."Limited Pay" is where the Premium Payment Term is limited as compared to the Policy Term.

23."Medical Practitioner" is a person who holds a valid registration from the Medical Council of any state or Medical
   Council of India or Council for Indian Medicine or for Homeopathy set up by the Government of India or a State
   government and is thereby entitled to practice medicine within its jurisdiction; and is acting within the scope and
   jurisdiction of license. Such Medical Practitioner is not the Policyholder's spouse, father (including stepfather) or
   mother (including stepmother), son (including stepson), son's wife, daughter, daughter's husband, brother
   (including stepbrother) and sister (including stepsister) or Life Insured / Policyholder under this Policy and would
   be independent of the insurer.

24."Maturity Benefit" means the benefit, which is payable on maturity as stated in the Policy document.

25."Nominee" is the person who is nominated by Policyholder and as named in the Policy Schedule, to receive the
   Death Benefit as specified in the Policy. Nomination can only be effected if the Policyholder and Life Insured are
   the same.

26."Nomination" is the process of nominating a person who is named as "Nominee" in the proposal/application form
   or subsequently included/ changed by an endorsement. Nomination should be in accordance with provisions of
   Section 39 of the Insurance Act, 1938 as amended from time to time.

27."Policy" means the contract of insurance entered into between the Policyholder and Us as evidenced by this
   document.

ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract _December 2025
Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance                                                             POLICY CONTRACT
Super Term Plan

A Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual
Pure Risk Premium Life Term Insurance Plan

28."Policy Anniversary" means the date corresponds numerically with the Policy Issue Date in every calendar year
   until Policy Maturity Date.

29."Policyholder or You or Your" means the owner of the Policy at any point of time.

30."Policy Issue Date" is the date this Policy is issued, and Your rights, benefits and risk cover begin, as shown in Policy
   Schedule.

31."Policy Month" is the period of one calendar month from monthly Processing Date.

32."Policy Term" means the term of this Policy as specified in the Schedule;

33."Policy Year" is the period of twelve calendar months commences from the Policy Anniversary.

34."Premium Payment Term" means the term specified in the Schedule, during which the Premiums are payable by
   You.

35."Reduced Paid-up" means the continuance of this Policy with Reduced Paid-Up benefits, as specified under Section
   3 of Part D.

36."Regular Pay" is where the Premium Payment Term is same as compared to the Policy Term.

37."Revival" means restoration of the Policy, which was discontinued due to the non-payment of premium, by the
   insurer with all the benefits mentioned in the Policy document, with or without rider benefits if any, upon the
   receipt of all the premiums due and other charges or late fee if any, as per the terms and conditions of the Policy,
   upon being satisfied as to the continued insurability of the insured or Policyholder on the basis of the information,
   documents and reports furnished by the Policyholder, in accordance with Board approved Underwriting Policy.

38."Revival Period" means a period of 5 consecutive years from the due date of first unpaid installment of Premium,
   during which period You will be entitled to revive the Policy in Lapsed State or in Paid-up State.

39."Risk Commencement Date" is the date as shown in the Policy Schedule when risk cover on the life of the Life
   Insured begins under this Policy.

40."Sum Assured" is the insurance cover issued at the inception of the Policy as specified in the Policy Schedule.

41."Sum Assured on Death" means the Sum Assured payable on death in accordance with Part C to this Policy

42."Sum Assured Escalation Rate" is a rate of 5% per annum simple. This is applicable only if the Policyholder has
   chosen the Plan Option 2 as per the Policy Schedule.

43."Surrender" means complete withdrawal or termination of the entire Policy.

44."Surrender Value" means an amount, if any, that becomes payable in case of Surrender of this Policy, in accordance
   with the terms and conditions of the Policy Section 5 of Part D.

45."Survival Benefit" refers to an amount, payable on survival of Life Insured till the end of the Policy Term.

46."Terminal Illness" is an advanced or rapidly progressing incurable and un-correctable medical condition which, in
   the opinion of two independent Medical Practitioners appointed by us, is highly likely to lead to death within 6

ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract _December 2025
Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance                                                 POLICY CONTRACT
Super Term Plan

A Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual
Pure Risk Premium Life Term Insurance Plan

months. Further, the Life Insured must not be receiving any form of treatment other than palliative medication for
symptomatic relief.

47."Total Premiums Paid" means total of all the premiums received, excluding any extra premium, any rider premium
   and taxes. Any extra premium on account of Accelerated Critical Illness (ACI) Benefit, if any, is also excluded.

48."We/Our/the Company" means Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance Company Limited.

ABSLI Super Term Plan  Ver 02/ December /2025  POL/9/25-26/1007
109N153V02

                                                                                                                                                                                                 6
ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract _December 2025
Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance             POLICY CONTRACT
Super Term Plan

A Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual
Pure Risk Premium Life Term Insurance Plan

     PART C ­ POLICY FEATURES, BENEFITS AND PREMIUM PAYMENT

   PREMIUM PROVISIONS

1. Policy Premium
   Your Policy Schedule shows the Annualized Premium, the premium payment mode, the Instalment Premium and its
   due dates. Subject to the Policy Discontinuance provision, we must receive Instalment Premiums when due in order
   for this Policy to be valid and remain in force.

   POLICY BENEFIT PROVISIONS

   The below mentioned benefits are payable if Your Policy is still in force at the time when the benefit is payable.

2. Death Benefit

   Your Policy Schedule shows the Sum Assured and Plan Option applicable to Your Policy. Death Benefit shall be
   payable to Nominee(s) / legal heir(s) / assignee as per the Plan Option opted by You.

   2.1 If the Policyholder has chosen the Plan Option 1 (Level Cover Option), or 2 (Increasing Cover Option) or 3 (Level
       Cover with Return of Premium Option) as per the Policy Schedule, then in the event of death of the Life Insured
       during the Policy Term, provided the Policy is in force, the Death Benefit will be the Sum Assured on Death payable
       as per the chosen Death Benefit payout option* in the Policy Schedule.
       *Death Benefit Payout Option as chosen by You at the inception of Policy will be from either of the following, the
       chosen Death Benefit Payout Option cannot be changed till the date of death:

        a) Lumpsum: On death of the Life Insured, entire Death Benefit will be paid as lump sum.
        b) Income: On death of the Life Insured, entire Death Benefit amount is payable in equal monthly instalments

             throughout the Income Benefit Period.
        c) Income plus Lumpsum: On the death of Life Insured, based on the percentage chosen by You between the

             range of 10% to 90% in multiple of 10 as the income benefit component of the Death Benefit, the income
             will be payable in equal monthly instalments throughout the Income Benefit Period. The remaining
             percentage of the Sum Assured on Death shall be payable as lumpsum.

2.2 In case Terminal Illness claim and/or Accelerated Critical Illness (ACI) Benefit claim has already been paid, the
     Death Benefit payable here shall be reduced to the extent of reduction in Sum Assured on account of Terminal
     Illness and/or Accelerated Critical Illness (ACI) Benefit already paid.

Where,
Sum Assured on Death is
For Regular Pay and Limited Pay Policy, the Sum Assured on Death is the highest of:

     11 times of the Annualised Premium; or
     105% of Total Premiums Paid as on the date of death; or
     Absolute Amount Assured to be Paid on Death

Absolute Amount Assured to be Paid on Death is the Effective Sum Assured as on the date of death. In case you have
chosen Plan Option 2 (Increasing Cover Option), the Effective Sum Assured reflects the increase, if any in Sum Assured
of the Policy.

ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract _December 2025
Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance                       POLICY CONTRACT
Super Term Plan

A Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual
Pure Risk Premium Life Term Insurance Plan

If Option 1 (Level Cover Option) or Option 3 (Level Cover with Return of Premium Option) is chosen as per the Policy
Schedule, the Effective Sum Assured is same as Sum Assured throughout the Policy Term.

3. Terminal Illness
   In case the Life Insured is diagnosed with a Terminal Illness while the Policy is in force and provided the Life Insured
   has not exceeded the Age of 80 years, a 50% of the applicable Sum Assured on Death subject to a maximum of Rs. 1
   Crore, will be paid immediately in lump sum to the Policyholder. During the survival of the Life Insured post the
   diagnosis of Terminal Illness, all future due Premiums shall be automatically waived under the Policy.

   On subsequent death of the Life Insured during the Policy Term, the Sum Assured on Death shall be reduced by the
   amount of Terminal Illness Benefit already paid.

   Terminal Illness benefit shall only be payable on the first diagnosis of any Terminal Illness of the Life Insured during
   the Policy Term.

4. Waiver of Premium on Accidental Total and Permanent Disability (ATPD)
   In case the Life Insured, aged upto 70 years, becomes completely disabled due to an Accidental Total and Permanent
   Disability (ATPD), while the Policy is in force, all future due Premiums shall be automatically waived under the Policy
   subject to following conditions:

   "Accidental Total Permanent Disability" shall mean disability of the life insured as a result of bodily injury caused by
   an accident (a sudden unforeseen and involuntary event caused by external and visible means) and such injury shall
   within 180 days of its occurrence solely, directly and independently of any other cause, result in the life assureds
   disability which must be permanent and total and must result in at least one of the following:

   a) Loss of sight in both eyes;
   b) Loss of both arms
   c) Loss of both hands;
   d) Loss of one arm and one leg;
   e) Loss of one arm and one foot;
   f) Loss of one hand and one foot;
   g) Loss of one hand and one leg;
   h) Loss of both legs;
   i) Loss of both feet

   The disability must be documented for an uninterrupted period of at least six months.

   Loss of sight in both eyes means total loss of vision in both eyes, certified by an ophthalmologist

   "Loss of sight" shall mean total, permanent and irrecoverable loss of all vision in both eyes. The blindness must be
   confirmed by an ophthalmologist; loss of sight - means total, permanent and irreversible loss of all vision in both
   eyes as a result an accident. The blindness is evidenced by:

       · corrected visual acuity being 3/60 or less in both eyes or.
       · the field of vision being less than 10 degrees in both eyes.

      a) The diagnosis of blindness must be confirmed by an ophthalmologist and must not be correctable by aides or
           surgical procedures.

ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract _December 2025
Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance                       POLICY CONTRACT
Super Term Plan

A Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual
Pure Risk Premium Life Term Insurance Plan

b) If the disability is due to amputation/ dismemberment, loss of hand will mean amputation/ dismemberment
    above wrist, loss of arm will mean amputation/ dismemberment above elbow, loss of foot will mean
    amputation/ dismemberment above ankle and loss of leg will mean amputation/ dismemberment above knee.

c) For any limb (arm or leg), if the disability is not due to amputation/dismemberment, loss will mean loss of
    usage of one or both limbs and the limb/s should have motor power grade 0/5, 1/5 or 2/5 only. Loss of use is
    not applicable for hand and foot.

d) The Accidental Permanent Total Disability has to be certified by a registered Medical Practitioner, appointed
    by Us. Claim intimation should be received in writing within 60 days of occurrence of the Accident, which is
    causing total disability of the Life Insured.

e) The Disability Benefit is paid if and only if disability is detected as per above Disability Condition.
f) In order for a benefit to be payable, such disability must have persisted continuously for a period of at least

    180 days from the occurrence of such accident and must, in the opinion of a suitable medical practitioner,
    appointed by the company, be deemed permanent. The accident must occur before the expiry of cover.
g) Please note that the 180-day deferment period to establish the permanence of disability does not apply to
    claims for severance or dismemberment of limb/hand/foot. Claims will be paid, provided they meet the above
    definition of loss of limb/hand/foot due to amputation/ dismemberment.

Exclusions:

    Disability benefit shall not be paid on disablement of the insured person occurring directly or indirectly as a
    result of any of the following:
1. Intentional self-inflicted injury, attempted suicide, while sane or insane;
2. Insured person being under the influence of drugs, alcohol, narcotics or psychotropic substances unless
    taken in accordance with the lawful directions and prescription of a Doctor;
3. War, invasion, act of foreign enemy, hostilities (whether war be declared or not), armed or unarmed truce,
    civil war, mutiny, rebellion, revolution, insurrection, military or usurped power, riot or civil commotion,
    strikes;
4. Taking part in any naval, military or air force operation during peace time or during service in any police,
    paramilitary or any similar organisation.
5. Participation by the insured person in any flying activity, except as a bona fide, fare-paying passenger of a
    recognized airline or Pilots and cabin crew of a commercial airline, on regular routes and on a scheduled
    timetable;
6. Participation by the insured person in a criminal or unlawful act with illegal or criminal intent;
7. Any injury incurred before the effective date of the cover;
8. Failure to seek or follow medical advice;
9. Engaging in or taking part in professional sport(s) or any hazardous pursuits, including but not limited to,
    diving or riding or any kind of race; underwater activities involving the use of breathing apparatus or not;
    martial arts; hunting; mountaineering; parachuting; bungeejumping;
10. Nuclear Contamination; the radio-active, explosive or hazardous nature of nuclear fuel materials or property
    contaminated by nuclear fuel materials or accident arising from such nature.

5. Accelerated Critical Illness (ACI) Benefit

   If the Policyholder has chosen the Accelerated Critical Illness Benefit as per the Policy Schedule, then on the first time
   Diagnosis of a specified Critical Illness (as mentioned in the Table 4.1 below), provided the Policy is in force and the
   Life Insured has been Diagnosed with Critical Illness after a waiting period of 90 days from the Risk Commencement
   Date or Policy Issue Date or date of Revival of the Policy, whichever is later, a lump sum benefit equal to the
   Accelerated Critical Illness Benefit Sum Assured will be payable to the Policyholder.

   Upon payment of the ACI Benefit Sum Assured, the Death Benefit will be reduced for the ACI benefit already paid,
   for the rest of the Policy Term and the Policy will continue provided all premiums are paid in full on due dates. Future
   premiums payable under the Policy for Death Benefit will also reduce proportionately and in the same proportion as
   Death Benefit is reduced post payment of ACI Benefit Sum Assured.

ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract _December 2025
Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance                                                         POLICY CONTRACT
Super Term Plan

A Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual
Pure Risk Premium Life Term Insurance Plan

5.1. List of Critical Illness covered under Accelerated Critical Illness (ACI) Benefit

Sr. List of Critical Illnesses                        Sr.  List of Critical Illnesses

No                                                    No   Alzheimer's Disease
                                                           Aplastic Anaemia
1 Cancer of Specified Severity                        22
                                                           Medullary Cystic Disease
2 Myocardial Infarction (First Heart Attack of 23          Parkinson's Disease

    Specific Severity)                                     Systemic Lupus Erythematosus - with Lupus
                                                           Nephritis
3 Open Chest CABG                                     24   Apallic Syndrome
                                                           Major Surgery of the Aorta
4 Open Heart Replacement or Repair of Heart 25             Fulminant Viral Hepatitis - resulting in acute liver
                                                           failure
    Valves                                                 Primary Cardiomyopathy
                                                           Muscular Dystrophy - resulting in permanent loss
5 Coma of Specified Severity                          26   of physical abilities
                                                           Poliomyelitis - resulting in paralysis
6 Kidney Failure Requiring Regular Dialysis           27   Sporadic Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease (sCJD)
                                                           Chronic Recurring Pancreatitis
7   Stroke Resulting in Permanent Symptoms            28   Bacterial Meningitis - resulting in persistent
                                                           symptoms
8 Major Organ /Bone Marrow Transplant                 29   Chronic Adrenocortical Insufficiency (Addison's
                                                           Disease)
9 Permanent Paralysis of Limbs                        30   Loss of Independent Existence
                                                           Encephalitis
10 Motor Neuron Disease with Permanent                31   Progressive supranuclear palsy
                                                           Severe Rheumatoid arthritis
    Symptoms                                               Scleroderma
                                                           Systematic lupus Erythematosus with Renal
11 Multiple Sclerosis with Persisting Symptoms 32          Involvement

12 Benign Brain Tumor                                 33

13 Blindness                                          34

14 Deafness                                           35

15 End Stage Lung Failure                             36

16 End Stage Liver Failure                            37

17 Loss of Speech                                     38

18 Loss of Limbs                                      39

19 Major Head Trauma                                  40

20 Primary (Idiopathic) Pulmonary Hypertension 41

21 Third Degree Burns                                 42

5.2. Terms and Conditions under Accelerated Critical Illness (ACI) Benefit
      No Accelerated Critical Illness Benefit will be payable if the Critical Illness is Diagnosed within the Waiting
         Period of 90 days from Risk Commencement Date or Revival Date of the Policy, whichever is later.
      Except as stated in this Clause, the Accelerated Critical Illness (ACI) Benefit is payable only once during the
         Accelerated Critical Illness Benefit Term. Only one valid Accelerated Critical Illness Benefit claim will be
         admissible and payable under the Policy for all conditions.
      Accelerated Critical Illness (ACI) Sum Assured will always be paid as a lump-sum benefit and on the payment
         of Accelerated Critical Illness (ACI) Sum Assured the ACI benefit cover will be terminated.
      The Policyholder can discontinue the Accelerated Critical Illness (ACI) Benefit at any time during the Policy
         Term. Upon discontinuance of Accelerated Critical Illness (ACI) Benefit, the Base Policy will continue as per the
         Plan Option opted by You.
      ACI Benefit option is available at inception with all Plan Options.
      ABSLI Critical Illness Rider cannot be opted if this option is chosen.
      The maximum maturity Age for ACI Benefit is 70 years (age last birthday).

ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract _December 2025
Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance                       POLICY CONTRACT
Super Term Plan

A Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual
Pure Risk Premium Life Term Insurance Plan

 The ACI Cover Period cannot exceed the Premium Paying Term of the Policy. Hence, the ACI Cover Period is:-
                                ACI Cover Period = Minimum [Premium Paying Term, 70 ­ Entry Age]

 ACI benefit will cease on payment of the ACI Sum Assured.
 Premium payment on account of ACI Benefit will cease after payment of ACI Sum Assured. Additionally, future

   premiums payable under the base Policy will reduce proportionately.

5.3. Termination of Accelerated Critical Illness (ACI) Benefit:
     The Accelerated Critical Illness (ACI) Benefit will terminate immediately upon the occurrence of any of the
     following events, whichever is the earliest
      At the end of Accelerated Critical Illness (ACI) Benefit Term,
      At the end of the Premium Payment Term of the Policy,
      On attainment of Age 70 years by the Life Insured,
      On payment of the Accelerated Critical Illness (ACI) Benefit,
      On death of the Life Insured,
      If the policy has not acquired a Surrender value or unexpired risk premium value, the date on which the Revival
         period ends
      The date of payment of the surrender benefit, if any,
      The date of payment of free look cancellation amount,
      The date on which the Policyholder chooses to opt out or discontinue the Accelerated Critical Illness (ACI)
         Benefit.

5.4. Critical Illness Definitions

  1. Cancer of Specified Severity
     A malignant tumor characterized by the uncontrolled growth and spread of malignant cells with invasion and
     destruction of normal tissues. This diagnosis must be supported by histological evidence of malignancy. The
     term cancer includes leukemia, lymphoma and sarcoma.
     The following are excluded ­
      All tumors which are histologically described as carcinoma in situ, benign, pre-malignant, borderline
         malignant, low malignant potential, neoplasm of unknown behavior, or non-invasive, including but not
         limited to: Carcinoma in situ of breasts, Cervical dysplasia CIN-1, CIN - 2 and CIN-3.
      Any non-melanoma skin carcinoma unless there is evidence of metastases to lymph nodes or beyond;
      Malignant melanoma that has not caused invasion beyond the epidermis;
      All tumors of the prostate unless histologically classified as having a Gleason score greater than 6 or
         having progressed to at least clinical TNM classification T2N0M0
      All Thyroid cancers histologically classified as T1N0M0 (TNM Classification) or below;
      Chronic lymphocytic leukaemia less than RAI stage 3
      Non-invasive papillary cancer of the bladder histologically described as TaN0M0 or of a lesser
         classification,
      All Gastro-Intestinal Stromal Tumors histologically classified as T1N0M0 (TNM Classification) or below
         and with mitotic count of less than or equal to 5/50 HPFs;

  2. Myocardial Infarction (First Heart Attack of Specific Severity)
     The first occurrence of heart attack or myocardial infarction, which means the death of a portion of the heart
     muscle as a result of inadequate blood supply to the relevant area. The diagnosis for Myocardial Infarction should
     be evidenced by all of the following criteria:
       A history of typical clinical symptoms consistent with the diagnosis of acute myocardial infarction (For
         e.g. typical chest pain)
       New characteristic electrocardiogram changes
       Elevation of infarction specific enzymes, Troponins or other specific biochemical markers.

ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract _December 2025
Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance                       POLICY CONTRACT
Super Term Plan

A Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual
Pure Risk Premium Life Term Insurance Plan

   The following are excluded:
    Other acute Coronary Syndromes
    Any type of angina pectoris
    A rise in cardiac biomarkers or Troponin T or I in absence of overt ischemic heart disease OR following an

       intra-arterial cardiac procedure.
3. Open Chest CABG

   The actual undergoing of heart surgery to correct blockage or narrowing in one or more coronary artery(s), by
   coronary artery bypass grafting done via a sternotomy (cutting through the breast bone) or minimally invasive
   keyhole coronary artery bypass procedures. The diagnosis must be supported by a coronary angiography and
   the realization of surgery has to be confirmed by a cardiologist.
   The following are excluded: Angioplasty and/or any other intra-arterial procedures
4. Open Heart Replacement or Repair Of Heart Valves
   The actual undergoing of open-heart valve surgery is to replace or repair one or more heart valves, as a
   consequence of defects in, abnormalities of, or disease affected cardiac valve(s). The diagnosis of the valve
   abnormality must be supported by an echocardiography and the realization of surgery has to be confirmed by
   a specialist medical practitioner. Catheter based techniques including but not limited to, balloon
   valvotomy/valvuloplasty are excluded.
5. Coma of Specified Severity
   A state of unconsciousness with no reaction or response to external stimuli or internal needs. This diagnosis must
   be supported by evidence of all of the following:
    no response to external stimuli continuously for at least 96 hours;
    life support measures are necessary to sustain life; and
    permanent neurological deficit which must be assessed at least 30 days after the onset of the coma.
    The condition has to be confirmed by a specialist medical practitioner. Coma resulting directly from

       alcohol or drug abuse is excluded.
6. Kidney Failure Requiring Regular Dialysis

   End stage renal disease presenting as chronic irreversible failure of both kidneys to function, as a result of which
   either regular renal dialysis (haemodialysis or peritoneal dialysis) is instituted or renal transplantation is carried
   out. Diagnosis has to be confirmed by a specialist medical practitioner.
7. Stroke Resulting in Permanent Symptoms
   Any cerebrovascular incident producing permanent neurological sequelae. This includes infarction of brain
   tissue, thrombosis in an intracranial vessel, haemorrhage and embolisation from an extracranial source.
   Diagnosis has to be confirmed by a specialist medical practitioner and evidenced by typical clinical symptoms
   as well as typical findings in CT Scan or MRI of the brain. Evidence of permanent neurological deficit lasting for
   at least 3 months has to be produced.
   The following are excluded:
    Transient ischemic attacks (TIA)
    Traumatic injury of the brain
    Vascular disease affecting only the eye or optic nerve or vestibular functions.
8. Major Organ /Bone Marrow Transplant
   The actual undergoing of a transplant of:
    One of the following human organs: heart, lung, liver, kidney, pancreas, that resulted from irreversible

       end-stage failure of the relevant organ, or
    Human bone marrow using haematopoietic stem cells. The undergoing of a transplant has to be confirmed

       by a specialist medical practitioner.
   The following are excluded:
    Other stem-cell transplants
    Where only islets of langerhans are transplanted
9. Permanent Paralysis of Limbs

ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract _December 2025
Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance                       POLICY CONTRACT
Super Term Plan

A Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual
Pure Risk Premium Life Term Insurance Plan

   Total and irreversible loss of use of two or more limbs as a result of injury or disease of the brain or spinal cord.
   A specialist medical practitioner must be of the opinion that the paralysis will be permanent with no hope of
   recovery and must be present for more than 3 months.
10. Motor Neuron Disease with Permanent Symptoms
   Motor neuron disease diagnosed by a specialist medical practitioner as spinal muscular atrophy, progressive
   bulbar palsy, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis or primary lateral sclerosis. There must be progressive degeneration
   of corticospinal tracts and anterior horn cells or bulbar efferent neurons. There must be current significant and
   permanent functional neurological impairment with objective evidence of motor dysfunction that has persisted
   for a continuous period of at least 3 months.
11. Multiple Sclerosis with Persisting Symptoms
   The unequivocal diagnosis of Definite Multiple Sclerosis confirmed and evidenced by all of the following:
    investigations including typical MRI findings which unequivocally confirm the diagnosis to be multiple

       sclerosis and
    there must be current clinical impairment of motor or sensory function, which must have persisted for a

       continuous period of at least 6 months.
    Neurological damage due to SLE is excluded.
12. Benign Brain Tumor
   Benign brain tumor is defined as a life threatening, non-cancerous tumor in the brain, cranial nerves or meninges
   within the skull. The presence of the underlying tumor must be confirmed imaging studies such as CT scan or MRI.
   This brain tumor must result in at least one of the following and must be confirmed by the relevant medical
   specialist.
    Permanent Neurological deficit with persisting clinical symptoms for a continuous period of at least 90

       consecutive days or
    Undergone surgical resection or radiation therapy to treat the brain tumor.
    The following conditions are excluded: Cysts, Granulomas, malformations in the arteries or veins of the brain,
   hematomas, abscesses, pituitary tumors, tumors of skull bones and tumors of the spinal cord.
13. Blindness
   Total, permanent and irreversible loss of all vision in both eyes as a result of illness or Accident. The Blindness is
   evidenced by:
    corrected visual acuity being 3/60 or less in both eyes or ;
    the field of vision being less than 10 degrees in both eyes.
    The diagnosis of blindness must be confirmed and must not be correctable by aids or surgical procedure
14. Deafness
   Total and irreversible loss of hearing in both ears as a result of illness or Accident. This diagnosis must be
   supported by pure tone audiogram test and certified by an Ear, Nose and Throat (ENT) specialist. Total means
   "the loss of hearing to the extent that the loss is greater than 90 decibels across all frequencies of hearing" in
   both ears.
15. End Stage Lung Failure
   End stage lung disease, causing chronic respiratory failure, as confirmed and evidenced by all of the following:
    FEV1 test results consistently less than 1 litre measured on 3 occasions 3 months apart; and
    Requiring continuous permanent supplementary oxygen therapy for hypoxemia; and
    Arterial blood gas analysis with partial oxygen pressure of 55mmHg or less (PaO2 < 55mmHg); and
    Dyspnea at rest.
16. End Stage Liver Failure
   Permanent and irreversible failure of liver function that has resulted in all three of the following:
    Permanent jaundice; and
    Ascites; and
    Hepatic encephalopathy.
    Liver failure secondary to drug or alcohol abuse is excluded.
17. Loss Of Speech

ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract _December 2025
Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance                       POLICY CONTRACT
Super Term Plan

A Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual
Pure Risk Premium Life Term Insurance Plan

   Total and irrecoverable loss of the ability to speak as a result of injury or disease to the vocal cords. The inability
   to speak must be established for a continuous period of 12 months. This diagnosis must be supported by medical
   evidence furnished by an Ear, Nose, Throat (ENT) specialist.
18. Loss Of Limbs
   The physical separation of two or more limbs, at or above the wrist or ankle level limbs as a result of injury or
   disease. This will include medically necessary amputation necessitated by injury or disease. The separation has
   to be permanent without any chance of surgical correction. Loss of Limbs resulting directly or indirectly from
   self-inflicted injury, alcohol or drug abuse is excluded.
19. Major Head Trauma
   Accidental head injury resulting in permanent Neurological deficit to be assessed no sooner than 3 months from
   the date of the Accident. This diagnosis must be supported by unequivocal findings on Magnetic Resonance
   Imaging,
   Computerized Tomography, or other reliable imaging techniques. The Accident must be caused solely and
   directly by accidental, violent, external and visible means and independently of all other causes.
   The Accidental Head injury must result in an inability to perform at least three (3) of the following Activities of
   Daily Living either with or without the use of mechanical equipment, special devices or other aids and
   adaptations in use for disabled persons. For the purpose of this benefit, the word "permanent" shall mean
   beyond the scope of recovery with current medical knowledge and technology.
   The Activities of Daily Living are:
    Washing: the ability to wash in the bath or shower (including getting into and out of the bath or shower)

       or wash satisfactorily by other means;
    Dressing: the ability to put on, take off, secure and unfasten all garments and, as appropriate, any braces,

       artificial limbs or other surgical appliances;
    Transferring: the ability to move from a bed to an upright chair or wheelchair and vice versa;
    Mobility: the ability to move indoors from room to room on level surfaces;
    Toileting: the ability to use the lavatory or otherwise manage bowel and bladder functions so as to

       maintain a satisfactory level of personal hygiene;
    Feeding: the ability to feed oneself once food has been prepared and made available. The following are

       excluded: Spinal cord injury
20. Primary (Idiopathic) Pulmonary Hypertension

   An unequivocal diagnosis of Primary (Idiopathic) Pulmonary Hypertension by a Cardiologist or specialist in
   respiratory medicine with evidence of right ventricular enlargement and the pulmonary artery pressure above
   30 mm of Hg on Cardiac Cauterization. There must be permanent irreversible physical impairment to the
   degree of at least Class IV of the New York Heart Association Classification of cardiac impairment.
   The NYHA Classification of Cardiac Impairment are as follows:
    Class III: Marked limitation of physical activity. Comfortable at rest, but less than ordinary activity causes

       symptoms.
    Class IV: Unable to engage in any physical activity without discomfort. Symptoms may be present even at

       rest.
   Pulmonary hypertension associated with lung disease, chronic hypoventilation, pulmonary thromboembolic
   disease, drugs and toxins, diseases of the left side of the heart, congenital heart disease and any secondary
   cause are specifically excluded.
21. Third Degree Burns
   There must be third-degree burns with scarring that cover at least 20% of the body's surface area. The diagnosis
   must confirm the total area involved using standardized, clinically accepted, body surface area charts covering
   20% of the body surface area.
22. Alzheimer's Disease
   A definite diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease evidenced by all of the following:
   · Loss of intellectual capacity involving impairment of memory and executive functions (sequencing, organizing,

       abstracting, and planning), which results in a significant reduction in mental and social functioning
   · Personality change
   · Gradual onset and continuing decline of cognitive functions

ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract _December 2025
Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance                       POLICY CONTRACT
Super Term Plan

A Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual
Pure Risk Premium Life Term Insurance Plan

   · No disturbance of consciousness
   · Typical neuropsychological and neuroimaging findings (e.g. CT scan)
   The disease must require constant supervision (24 hours daily) [before Age 65]. The diagnosis and the need for
   supervision must be confirmed by a Consultant Neurologist.
   For the above definition, the following are not covered:
    Other forms of dementia due to brain or systemic disorders or psychiatric conditions
23. Aplastic Anaemia
   A definite diagnosis of aplastic anaemia resulting in severe bone marrow failure with anaemia, neutropenia and
   thrombocytopenia. The condition must be treated with blood transfusions and, in addition, with at least one of
   the following:
    Bone marrow stimulating agents
    Immunosuppressants
    Bone marrow transplantation
    The diagnosis must be confirmed by a Consultant Haematologist and evidenced by bone marrow histology.
24. Medullary Cystic Disease
   A definite diagnosis of medullary cystic disease evidenced by all of the following:
    Ultrasound, MRI or CT scan showing multiple cysts in the medulla and corticomedullary region of both

       kidneys
    Typical histological findings with tubular atrophy, basement membrane thickening and cyst formation in the

       corticomedullary junction
    Glomerular filtration rate (GFR) of less than 40 ml/min (MDRD formula)
    The diagnosis must be confirmed by a Consultant Nephrologist.
    For the above definition, the following are not covered:
    Polycystic kidney disease
    Multicystic renal dysplasia and medullary sponge kidney
    Any other cystic kidney disease
25. Parkinson's Disease
   A definite diagnosis of primary idiopathic Parkinson's disease, which is evidenced by at least two out of the
   following clinical manifestations:
    Muscle rigidity
    Tremor
    Bradykinesia (abnormal slowness of movement, sluggishness of physical and mental responses)
   Idiopathic Parkinson's disease must result [before Age 65] in a total inability to perform, by oneself, at least 3 out
   of 6 Activities of Daily
   Living for a continuous period of at least 3 months despite adequate drug treatment.
   Activities of Daily Living are:
    Washing ­ the ability to wash in the bath or shower (including getting into and out of the bath or shower) or

       wash satisfactorily by other means.
    Getting dressed and undressed ­ the ability to put on, take off, secure and unfasten all garments and, if

       needed, any braces, artificial limbs or other surgical appliances.
    Feeding oneself ­ the ability to feed oneself when food has been prepared and made available.
    Maintaining personal hygiene ­ the ability to maintain a satisfactory level of personal hygiene by using the

       toilet or otherwise managing bowel and bladder function.
    Getting between rooms ­ the ability to get from room to room on a level floor.
    Getting in and out of bed ­ the ability to get out of bed into an upright chair or wheelchair and back again.
   The diagnosis must be confirmed by a Consultant Neurologist.
   The implantation of a neurostimulator to control symptoms by deep brain stimulation is, independent of the
   Activities of Daily Living, covered under this definition. The implantation must be determined to be medically
   necessary by a Consultant Neurologist or Neurosurgeon.
   or the above definition, the following are not covered:
    Secondary parkinsonism (including drug- or toxin-induced parkinsonism)

ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract _December 2025
Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance                       POLICY CONTRACT
Super Term Plan

A Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual
Pure Risk Premium Life Term Insurance Plan

    Essential tremor
26. Systemic Lupus Erythematosus - with Lupus Nephritis

   A definite diagnosis of systemic lupus erythematosus evidenced by all of the following:
     Typical laboratory findings, such as presence of antinuclear antibodies (ANA) or anti-dsDNA antibodies
     Symptoms associated with lupus erythematosus (butterfly rash, photosensitivity, serositis)
     Continuous treatment with corticosteroids or other immunosuppressants
     Additionally, one of the following organ involvements must be diagnosed:
     Lupus nephritis with proteinuria of at least 0.5 g/day and a glomerular filtration rate of less than 60 ml/min

         (MDRD formula)
     Libman-Sacks endocarditis or myocarditis
     Neurological deficits or seizures over a period of at least 3 months and supported by cerebrospinal fluid or

         EEG findings. Headaches, cognitive and psychiatric abnormalities are specifically excluded.
   The diagnosis must be confirmed by a Consultant Rheumatologist or Nephrologist.
   or the above definition, the following are not covered:
    Discoid lupus erythematosus or subacute cutaneous lupus erythematosus
    Drug-induced lupus erythematosus
27. Apallic Syndrome
   A vegetative state is absence of responsiveness and awareness due to dysfunction of the cerebral hemispheres,
   with the brain stem, controlling respiration and cardiac functions, remaining intact. The definite diagnosis must
   be evidenced by all of the following:
   Complete unawareness of the self and the environment
   Inability to communicate with others
   No evidence of sustained or reproducible behavioural responses to external stimuli
   Preserved brain stem functions
   Exclusion of other treatable neurological or psychiatric disorders with appropriate neurophysiological or
   neuropsychological tests or imaging procedures
   The diagnosis must be confirmed by a Consultant Neurologist and the condition must be medically
   documented for at least one month without any clinical improvement.
28. Major Surgery of the Aorta
   The undergoing of surgery to treat narrowing, obstruction, aneurysm or dissection of the aorta. Minimally
   invasive procedures like endovascular repair are covered under this definition. The surgery must be determined
   to be medically necessary by a Consultant Surgeon and supported by imaging findings.
   For the above definition, the following are not covered:
    Surgery to any branches of the thoracic or abdominal aorta (including aortofemoral or aortoiliac bypass

       grafts)
    Surgery of the aorta related to hereditary connective tissue disorders (e.g. Marfan syndrome, Ehlers­

       Danlos syndrome)
    Surgery following traumatic injury to the aorta
29. Fulminant Viral Hepatitis - resulting in acute liver failure
   A definite diagnosis of fulminant viral hepatitis evidenced by all of the following:
    Typical serological course of acute viral hepatitis
    Development of hepatic encephalopathy
    Decrease in liver size
    Increase in bilirubin levels
    Coagulopathy with an international normalized ratio (INR) greater than 1.5
    Development of liver failure within 7 days of onset of symptoms
    No known history of liver disease
    The diagnosis must be confirmed by a Consultant Gastroenterologist.
   For the above definition, the following are not covered:
    All other non-viral causes of acute liver failure (including paracetamol or aflatoxin intoxication)
    Fulminant viral hepatitis associated with intravenous drug use

ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract _December 2025
Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance                       POLICY CONTRACT
Super Term Plan

A Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual
Pure Risk Premium Life Term Insurance Plan

30. Primary Cardiomyopathy
   A definite diagnosis of one of the following primary cardiomyopathies:
    Dilated Cardiomyopathy
    Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy (obstructive or non-obstructive)
    Restrictive Cardiomyopathy
    Arrhythmogenic Right Ventricular Cardiomyopathy
   The disease must result in at least one of the following:
    Left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) of less than 40% measured twice at an interval of at least 3
       months.
    Marked limitation of physical activities where less than ordinary activity causes fatigue, palpitation,
       breathlessness or chest pain (Class III or IV of the New York Heart Association classification) over a period
       of at least 6 months.
    Implantation of an Implantable Cardioverter Defibrillator (ICD) for the prevention of sudden cardiac
       death
   The diagnosis must be confirmed by a Consultant Cardiologist and supported by echocardiogram, cardiac MRI or
   cardiac CT scan findings.
   The implantation of an Implantable Cardioverter Defibrillator (ICD) must be determined to be medically necessary
   by a Consultant Cardiologist.
   For the above definition, the following are not covered:
    Secondary (ischaemic, valvular, metabolic, toxic or hypertensive) cardiomyopathy
    Transient reduction of left ventricular function due to myocarditis
    Cardiomyopathy due to systemic diseases
    Implantation of an Implantable Cardioverter Defibrillator (ICD) due to primary arrhythmias (e.g. Brugada
       or Long-QT-Syndrome)

31. Muscular Dystrophy - resulting in permanent loss of physical abilities
   A definite diagnosis of one of the following muscular dystrophies:
    Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy (DMD)
    Becker Muscular Dystrophy (BMD)
    Emery-Dreifuss Muscular Dystrophy (EDMD)
    Limb-Girdle Muscular Dystrophy (LGMD)
    Facioscapulohumeral Muscular Dystrophy (FSHD)
    Myotonic Dystrophy Type 1 (MMD or Steinert's Disease)
    Oculopharyngeal Muscular Dystrophy (OPMD)
     The disease must result in a total inability to perform, by oneself, at least 3 out of 6 Activities of Daily Living for
     a continuous period of at least 3 months with no reasonable chance of recovery.
     Activities of Daily Living are:
    Washing ­ the ability to wash in the bath or shower (including getting into and out of the bath or shower)
       or wash satisfactorily by other means.
    Getting dressed and undressed ­ the ability to put on, take off, secure and unfasten all garments and, if
       needed, any braces, artificial limbs or other surgical appliances.
    Feeding oneself ­ the ability to feed oneself when food has been prepared and made available.
    Maintaining personal hygiene ­ the ability to maintain a satisfactory level of personal hygiene by using
       the toilet or otherwise managing bowel and bladder function.
    Getting between rooms ­ the ability to get from room to room on a level floor.
    Getting in and out of bed ­ the ability to get out of bed into an upright chair or wheelchair and back
       again.
   The diagnosis must be confirmed by a Consultant Neurologist and supported by electromyography (EMG) and

muscle biopsy findings.
   For the above definition, the following are not covered:
    Myotonic Dystrophy Type 2 (PROMM) and all forms of myotonia

32. Poliomyelitis - resulting in paralysis

ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract _December 2025
Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance                       POLICY CONTRACT
Super Term Plan

A Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual
Pure Risk Premium Life Term Insurance Plan

   A definite diagnosis of acute poliovirus infection resulting in paralysis of the limb muscles or respiratory
   muscles. The paralysis must be medically documented for at least 3 months from the date of diagnosis.
   The diagnosis must be confirmed by a Consultant Neurologist and supported by laboratory tests proving the
   presence of the poliovirus.
   For the above definition, the following are not covered:
    Poliovirus infections without paralysis
    Other enterovirus infections
    Guillain-Barré syndrome or transverse myelitis
33. Sporadic Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease (sCJD)
   A diagnosis of sporadic Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease, which has to be classified as "probable" by all of the following
   criteria:
    Progressive dementia
    At least two out of the following four clinical features: myoclonus, visual or cerebellar signs,

       pyramidal/extrapyramidal signs, akinetic mutism
    Electroencephalogram (EEG) showing sharp wave complexes and/or the presence of 14-3-3 protein in

       the cerebrospinal fluid
    No routine investigations indicate an alternative diagnosis
   The diagnosis must be confirmed by a Consultant Neurologist.
   For the above definition, the following are not covered:
    Iatrogenic or familial Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease
    Variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (vCJD)
34. Chronic Recurring Pancreatitis
   A definite diagnosis of severe chronic pancreatitis evidenced by all of the following:
    Exocrine pancreatic insufficiency with weight loss and steatorrhoea
    Endocrine pancreatic insufficiency with pancreatic diabetes
    Need for oral pancreatic enzyme substitution
   These conditions have to be present for at least 3 months. The diagnosis must be confirmed by a Consultant
   Gastroenterologist and supported by imaging and laboratory findings (e.g. faecal elastase).
   For the above definition, the following are not covered:
    Chronic pancreatitis due to alcohol or drug use

       Acute pancreatitis

35. Bacterial Meningitis - resulting in persistent symptoms
   A definite diagnosis of bacterial meningitis resulting in a persistent neurological deficit documented for at least 3
   months following the date of diagnosis. The diagnosis must be confirmed by a Consultant Neurologist and
   supported by growth of pathogenic bacteria from cerebrospinal fluid culture.
   For the above definition, the following are not covered:
   Aseptic, viral, parasitic or non-infectious meningitis

36. Chronic Adrenocortical Insufficiency (Addison's Disease)
   Chronic autoimmune adrenal insufficiency is an autoimmune disorder causing gradual destruction of the adrenal
   gland resulting in inadequate secretion of steroid hormones. A definite diagnosis of chronic autoimmune adrenal
   insufficiency which must be confirmed by a Consultant Endocrinologist and supported by all of the following
   diagnostic tests:
    ACTH stimulation test
    ACTH, cortisol, TSH, aldosterone, renin, sodium and potassium blood level
    For the above definition, the following are not covered:
    Secondary, tertiary and congenital adrenal insufficiency
       Adrenal insufficiency due to non-autoimmune causes (such as bleeding, infections, tumours, granulomatous
       disease or surgical removal)

37. Loss of Independent Existence

ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract _December 2025
Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance                       POLICY CONTRACT
Super Term Plan

A Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual
Pure Risk Premium Life Term Insurance Plan

   A definite diagnosis [before Age 65] of a total inability to perform, by oneself, at least 3 out of 6 Activities of Daily
   Living for a continuous period of at least 3 months with no reasonable chance of recovery.
   Activities of Daily Living are:
   Washing ­ the ability to wash in the bath or shower (including getting into and out of the bath or shower) or wash
   satisfactorily by other means.
   Getting dressed and undressed ­ the ability to put on, take off, secure and unfasten all garments and, if needed,
   any braces, artificial limbs or other surgical appliances.
   Feeding oneself ­ the ability to feed oneself when food has been prepared and made available.
   Maintaining personal hygiene ­ the ability to maintain a satisfactory level of personal hygiene by using the toilet
   or otherwise managing bowel and bladder function.
   Getting between rooms ­ the ability to get from room to room on a level floor.
   Getting in and out of bed ­ the ability to get out of bed into an upright chair or wheelchair and back again.
   The diagnosis has to be confirmed by a Specialist.
38. Encephalitis
   A definite diagnosis of acute viral encephalitis resulting in a persistent neurological deficit documented for at least
   3 months following the date of diagnosis. The diagnosis must be confirmed by a Consultant Neurologist and
   supported by typical clinical symptoms and cerebrospinal fluid or brain biopsy findings.
    For the above definition, the following are not covered:
    Encephalitis in the presence of HIV
    Encephalitis caused by bacterial or protozoal infections
    Myalgic or paraneoplastic encephalomyelitis
39. Progressive supranuclear palsy
   Progressive supranuclear palsy occurring independently of all other causes and resulting in permanent
   neurological deficit, which is directly responsible for a permanent inability to perform at least two (2) of the
   Activities of Daily Living. The diagnosis of the Progressive Supranuclear Palsy must be confirmed by a registered
   Medical Practitioner who is a neurologist
40. Severe Rheumatoid arthritis
   A definite diagnosis of rheumatoid arthritis evidenced by all of the following:
    Typical symptoms of inflammation (arthralgia, swelling, tenderness) in at least 20 joints over a period of 6

       weeks at the time of diagnosis
    Rheumatoid factor positivity (at least twice the upper normal value) and/or presence of anti-citrulline

       antibodies
    Continuous treatment with corticosteroids
    Treatment with a combination of "Disease Modifying Anti-Rheumatic Drugs" (e.g. methotrexate plus

       sulfasalazine/leflunomide) or a TNF inhibitor over a period of at least 6 months
       The diagnosis must be confirmed by a Consultant Rheumatologist.
   For the above definition, the following are not covered:
       Reactive arthritis, psoriatic arthritis and activated osteoarthritis
41. Scleroderma
   A definite diagnosis of scleroderma evidenced by all of the following:
    Typical laboratory findings (e.g.anti-Scl-70 antibodies)
    Typical clinical signs (e.g. Raynaud's phenomenon, skin sclerosis, erosions)
    Continuous treatment with corticosteroids or other immunosuppressants
       Additionally, one of the following organ involvements must be diagnosed:
    Lung fibrosis with a diffusing capacity (DCO) of less than 70% of predicted
    Pulmonary hypertension with a mean pulmonary artery pressure of more than 25 mmHg at rest measure1d4
       by right heart catheterisation
    Chronic kidney disease with a glomerular filtration rate of less than 60 ml/min (MDRD-formula)
    Echocardiographic signs of significant left ventricular diastolic dysfunction
       The diagnosis must be confirmed by a Consultant Rheumatologist or Nephrologist.
       For the above definition, the following are not covered:

ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract _December 2025
Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance                       POLICY CONTRACT
Super Term Plan

A Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual
Pure Risk Premium Life Term Insurance Plan

    Localized scleroderma without organ involvement
    Eosinophilic fasciitis

       CREST-Syndrome
42. Systematic lupus Erythematosus with Renal Involvement

   A definite diagnosis of systemic lupus erythematosus evidenced by all of the following:
      Typical laboratory findings, such as presence of antinuclear antibodies (ANA) or anti-dsDNA antibodies
      Symptoms associated with lupus erythematosus (butterfly rash, photosensitivity, serositis)
      Continuous treatment with corticosteroids or other immunosuppressants
         Additionally, one of the following organ involvements must be diagnosed:
      Lupus nephritis with proteinuria of at least 0.5 g/day and a glomerular filtration rate of less than 60 ml/min
         (MDRD formula)
      Libman-Sacks endocarditis or myocarditis
      Neurological deficits or seizures over a period of at least 3 months and supported by cerebrospinal fluid or
         EEG findings. Headaches, cognitive and psychiatric abnormalities are specifically excluded.
         The diagnosis must be confirmed by a Consultant Rheumatologist or Nephrologist.
         For the above definition, the following are not covered:
      Discoid lupus erythematosus or subacute cutaneous lupus erythematosus
         Drug-induced lupus erythematosus

5.5. Exclusions applicable for Accelerated Critical Illness (ACI) Benefit:
     The Life Insured shall not be entitled to any Accelerated Critical Illness (ACI) Benefits if the covered Critical Illness
     results either directly or indirectly from any of the following causes:
        Any Pre-Existing Disease. "Pre-existing Disease" means any condition, ailment, injury or disease:
           a) That is/are diagnosed by a physician within 36 months prior to the effective date of the Policy issued by
               the insurer or its latest Revival date, whichever is later; OR
           b) For which medical advice or treatment was recommended by, or received from, a physician within 36
               months prior to the effective date of the Policy or its latest Revival date, whichever is later.
               This exclusion shall not be applicable to conditions, ailments or injuries or related condition(s) which are
               underwritten and accepted by insurer at inception;
        Any sickness-related condition manifesting itself within 90 days from the Policy Issue Date or its latest Revival
           date, whichever is later;
        Any sexually transmitted diseases;
        Any congenital condition
        Suicide or attempted suicide or self-inflicted injury, irrespective of mental condition;
        Participation in a criminal, unlawful or illegal activity;
        Taking or absorbing, accidentally or otherwise, any intoxicating liquor, drug, narcotic, medicine, sedative or
           poison, except as prescribed by a registered medical practitioner acceptable to us;
        Nuclear contamination, the radioactive, explosive or hazardous nature of nuclear fuel materials or property
           contaminated by nuclear fuel materials or Accident arising from such nature;
        War, invasion, act of foreign enemy, hostilities (whether war be declared or not), armed or unarmed truce,
           civil war, mutiny, rebellion, revolution, insurrection, military or usurped power, riot or civil commotion,
           strikes.
        Taking part in any naval, military or air force operation during peace time.
        Participation by the insured person in any flying activity, except as a bona fide, fare-paying passenger of a
           recognized airline on regular routes and on a scheduled timetable.
        Engaging in or taking part in professional sport(s) or any hazardous pursuits, including but not limited to,
           diving or riding or any kind of race; underwater activities involving the use of breathing apparatus or not;
           martial arts; hunting; mountaineering; parachuting; bungee-jumping

ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract _December 2025
Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance                       POLICY CONTRACT
Super Term Plan

A Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual
Pure Risk Premium Life Term Insurance Plan

6. Enhanced Life Stage Protection

   The Enhanced Life Stage Protection has to be opted at inception and is available only with Plan Option 1 (Level Cover)
   and Plan Option 3 (Level Cover with Return of Premium Option). This feature shall not be applicable for keyman and
   partnership insurance.

   You can exercise this Option with a written request to Us within one year of the occurrence of relevant event subject
   to the following conditions at that time:

         Attained Age of Life Insured is less than or equal to 50 years;
         All due Instalment Premiums have been paid;
         Life Insured has been accepted at a standard rate at inception of the Policy;
         No claim has been made under the Policy for Terminal Illness or Waiver of Premium on Accidental Total and

             Permanent Disability (ATPD) or Accelerated Critical Illness Benefit or Rider benefit, if any, the outstanding
             Premium Payment Term is more than or equal to 5 years
         If you have opted for Regular Pay or Limited Pay
         If the outstanding Premium Payment Term is greater than or equal to 5 years
         If the outstanding Premium Payment Term and outstanding Policy Term are available under the Plan Option
             basis the attained age of the Policyholder when the option is exercised.

You may opt to increase the Sum Assured on the occurrence of each of the events mentioned below without
undergoing any fresh medical examination.

Event                                                 Increase as a percentage of Sum Assured

Marriage                                              50%, subject to a maximum increase of Rs. 50,00,000

(first marriage after commencement of Policy)

Child birth                                           25%, subject to a maximum increase of Rs. 25,00,000 per

(first two children after commencement of child

Policy)

House Loan                                            50%, subject to a maximum increase of Rs. 50,00,000

(Once during the Policy Term)

The increase in Sum Assured will be effective from the Policy Anniversary immediately succeeding after the date of
exercising this option. Once this option has been exercised under the Policy, the same cannot be altered during the
Policy Term.

You shall also provide us with any other relevant information/ documentation as may be required by Us to confirm
the abovementioned events. Future premiums shall be increased in proportion of the increase in the Sum Assured
to the Sum Assured on Policy Issue Date and will be reflected from the subsequent Policy Anniversary. The premium
rates for the enhanced protection will be based on the Attained Age of the Life Insured when this benefit is exercised.

7. Early Exit Value:

   If You have opted for Plan Option 1 (Level Cover Option) and Plan Option 2 (Increasing Cover Option) under the
   Policy Schedule, You have the option to exit the Policy early and receive an Early Exit Value equal to 100% of the
   Total Premiums Paid under the Policy. the benefit payable upon exit or termination of the Policy by the Life
   Insured will be as per the terms mentioned below:

a) No additional premium is required to avail this benefit.
b) This Option can be exercised by cancelling the Policy Subject to following conditions:

     i. This option can be exercised at any time during the period when the policyholder's attained age falls
          between 60 years and 75 years, both inclusive..

    ii. The Life Insured must be at least 70 years old at the time of Policy maturity.

ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract _December 2025
Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance             POLICY CONTRACT
Super Term Plan

A Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual
Pure Risk Premium Life Term Insurance Plan

iii. This option is only available after the completion of 30 policy years and cannot be exercised during the
      last five policy years of the term.

 The Policy must be active and in force, with all due premiums fully paid

8. Cover Continuance Benefit:
      This Benefit is only available if you have chosen Plan Option 1 (Level Cover) or Plan Option 2 (Increasing
      Cover) then, Subject to Premium Payment Mode chosen, You have the option to defer premium payments
      for up to 12 months from the due date of the first unpaid premium, while maintaining full risk coverage
      under the base plan. In the event of a claim during this period, the company will pay the benefits after
      deducting any unpaid premiums, as on the date of the death of Life Insured or any other insured event which
      is covered under the Policy. Upon the exercise of this option, the Policyholder can defer a maximum of 1
      annual premium, 2 half-yearly premiums, 4 quarterly premiums or 12 monthly premiums, as applicable.

This option is available after the completion of 5 Policy Years, provided that all due premiums have been
paid, and the policy is in force. The Cover Continuance Benefit lasts for up to a maximum of 12 consecutive
months from the date when the first premium becomes unpaid.

The benefit can be used only up to 3 times, with a minimum gap of 5 Policy Years between each instance. It
cannot be applied in the final Policy Year. During the Cover Continuance Benefit period, the policy will remain
in force with risk coverage as per the Policy's terms and conditions.
In order to exercise this benefit, the Policyholder must submit a written request at least 60 days before the
upcoming policy anniversary or premium due date. This benefit applies to all Premium Payment Modes and
can be exercised at any time during the Premium Payment Term.

At the end of the Cover Continuance Benefit period, the Policyholder must pay due premiums applicable. If
the outstanding premiums are not paid by the end of the Cover Continuance Benefit, the policy will be
converted into a lapsed/paid-up policy, as applicable.

Subject to terms and conditions under the Rider, if any, if the policyholder exercises this option, the riders
will get lapsed or will get converted to reduced paid-up.

9. Instant Payment on Claim Option:
       In the event of the death of the Life Insured, after the completion of the wating period of 3 (three) Policy
       Years from the date of Policy inception or Policy Revival, and provided the Policy is in force, an accelerated
       benefit, i.e., on payment of this benefit, the death benefit is automatically reduced by the amount paid under
       this benefit, as applicable out of the base sum assured, will be payable within one working day from the
       claim registration date, subject to the submission of all mandatory documents. The subsequent balance
       payout will be processed once the claim is approved.

       Under this option the payout will be as follow:

       a) For Sum Assured 50Lacs to <=1 Crore will be1 Lac
       b) For Sum Assured > 1Cr will be 2 Lacs

 10. Change of Premium Payment Term:

          If you have chosen Plan Option 1 (Level Cover Option) or Plan Option 2 (Increasing Cover Option) as per
         Policy Schedule, then you can choose to convert the outstanding premiums under a Regular Pay policy to
         any of the available Limited Pay terms offered under the product. Such conversions shall be subject to Our

ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract _December 2025
Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance                       POLICY CONTRACT
Super Term Plan

A Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual
Pure Risk Premium Life Term Insurance Plan

Board Approved Underwriting Policy (BAUP) and the applicable premium rates shall be those filed under the
Policy.

        a) The policy must be in force at the time of request. Conversion is allowed subject to conditions as may
             be accepted by you at the time of conversion and in accordance with the BAUP.

        b) You may exercise this option by prepaying the total outstanding premiums applicable under the new,
             reduced premium payment term. A discount will be applied to the outstanding premium amount, based
             on conversion factors. To know the conversion factors for Your Policy You can get in touch with Your
             advisor, or the nearest Branch Office.

        c) The premium payment mode selected at policy inception (i.e., Monthly, Quarterly, Semi-Annually, or
             Annually) cannot be changed.

        d) This option can only be exercised on a Policy Anniversary by providing a written notice of at least 30
             days before the Policy Anniversary.

       Subject to terms and conditions under the Rider, if any, if the policyholder exercises this option, the riders
       will get lapsed or will get converted to reduced paid-up.

11. Health Management Services Option:

       Subject to the conditions as stipulated hereunder, Your Policy provides a complimentary Health
       Management Services option with respect to prevention, diagnosis, treatment or recovery which may
       include services such as medical consultation, coaching, second opinion, personal medical case management
       with the objective of health management and improvement.

       Opting for the Health Management Services is solely at your discretion which shall be available after
       completion of free look period of the Policy, however, once opted the same will be provided to You subject
       to following conditions:

       a) Availability of a suitable third-party service provider(s);
       b) Primary diagnosis (wherever applicable) has been done by a registered Medical Practitioner;
       c) the eligibility conditions of the Life Insured will be determined as per Our extant Underwriting policy;
       d) the eligibility will be reviewed periodically;
       e) In case of any change, the eligibility details will be displayed on Our website

            (lifeinsurance.adityabirlacapital.com), We request you to read the terms carefully and reach out to your
            Relationship Manager before using the Health Management Services;
       f) Prior to effecting any changes, we shall inform the same to IRDAI, whenever the eligibility criteria
            changes or the service is withdrawn, the same shall be communicated to You.

            It is imperative to note that--

                i. These services are aimed at improving Policyholder engagement for policyholders with a sum
                      assured of one crore rupees and higher at inception.

               ii. These value-added Services are completely optional for the eligible Life Insured only.
              iii. For Life Insured availing such services, they are offered at no additional cost.
              iv. Wherever Health Management Services option is opted, such services shall be directly and

                      independently provided by a third party service provider(s). We will not be responsible for any
                      liability arising out of the services provided by such third party service provider.
               v. Health Management Services option can be availed only where the Policy is in-force and will be
                      provided only for a period of initial 20 Policy Years or Policy Term, whichever is lower

ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract _December 2025
Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance             POLICY CONTRACT
Super Term Plan

A Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual
Pure Risk Premium Life Term Insurance Plan

vi. We reserve the right to change the service provider(s) at any time, the same shall be
       communicated to the Policyholders and the services of the discontinued service provider(s) shall
       not be available under the Policy thereafter.

12.Survival Benefit
   This Policy does not provide any Survival Benefit under any Plan Option.

13.Maturity Benefit
   This Policy does not Provide any maturity benefit for Plan Options 1 (Level Cover Option) and Plan Option 2
   (Increasing Cover Option).

   Where Plan Option 3 (Level Cover with Return of Premium Option) is chosen under Policy Schedule, provided that
   the Policy is in force and in the Life Insured is alive as on Maturity Date, the Sum Assured on Maturity equal to the
   Total Premiums Paid excluding loadings for modal premiums, under the Policy will be paid to the Policyholder.

14.Grace Period
   The Premium is due and payable by the due date specified in the Schedule. If the Premium is not paid by the due
   date, You may pay the same during the Grace Period of 30 days without any penalty or late fee.
   The insurance coverage continues during the grace period, however, in case of occurrence of death or terminal illness
   or critical illness during the grace period, the Company shall be entitled to deduct the unpaid Premium from the
   Benefits payable under the Policy.

15.Alternative Death Benefit Payout Option:

    a) Staggered Death Benefit:
   Where the chosen Death Benefit Payout Option is Lumpsum or Income plus Lumpsum, on death of the Life Insured,
   the Nominee/Legal Heir will have the option to receive the Death Benefit as monthly instalments, over a period of 5
   years from the date of death of the Life Insured.

b) Commutation of Income/ Income Plus Lump Sum Death Benefit:
Where the chosen Death Benefit Payout Option is either Income or Income Plus Lump Sum, on death of the life
insured, the Nominee will have the option to convert the outstanding monthly incomes into a commuted lump sum
pay out. The Policy will terminate with all rights and benefits after the lump sum payout has been released to the
Nominee. The lump sum amount will be the present value of future payouts calculated at a commuted rate.

                                                                                                                                                                                          17
ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract _December 2025
Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance                       POLICY CONTRACT
Super Term Plan

A Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual
Pure Risk Premium Life Term Insurance Plan

 PART D ­ POLICY TERMS AND CONDITIONS

    POLICY PROVISIONS

1. Free-look Period
    You have a free look period of 30 days from the date of receipt of the Policy, to review the terms and conditions of
    the Policy, in case You disagree with the terms & conditions of Your Policy, you have the option to return the original
    policy document to us for cancellation. We will refund the premium paid post receipt of written notice of cancellation
    (along with reasons thereof) together with the original Policy document from Your end. We may reduce the amount
    of the refund by proportionate risk premium for the period of cover and expenses incurred by us on medical
    examination, if any and stamp duty charges while issuing Your Policy in accordance with IRDAI (Protection of
    Policyholders' Interests, Operations and Allied Matters of Insurers) Regulations, 2024.

2. Lapsation of Policy

    Where the Policyholder has opted for Cover Continuance Benefit, subject to provisions under the Cover Continuance
    Benefit as detailed above, If we do not receive the entire Instalment Premium by the end of the Grace Period anytime
    during the Premium Payment Term, this Policy shall become Lapsed Policy and all benefits will cease immediately.
    In case Cover Continuance Benefit has not been opted, the Policy will lapse by the end of the Grace Period.

    The lapse date is the date the first unpaid premium was due. You will be given a period of five years from the lapse
    date to revive Your Lapsed Policy.

3. Reduced Paid-Up Benefit
    3.1. If Plan Option 1 (Level Cover Option) or Option 2 (Increasing Cover Option) is chosen as per the Policy Schedule:
          This Policy does not acquire any Reduced Paid-Up benefit.

    3.2. If Plan Option 3 (Level Cover with Return of Premium Option) is chosen as per the Policy Schedule:
          If this Policy has acquired a Surrender Value, i.e. on payment of One Full Year Premium for the first Policy Year,
          then, in the event of non-payment of the due Instalment Premiums anytime afterwards, this Policy will not
          become a Lapsed Policy but will continue with Reduced Paid-Up Benefits after the expiry of the Grace Period as
          specified below unless revived. However, the Accelerated Critical Illness benefit cover will lapse and no
          Accelerated Critical Illness benefit will be payable thereafter.

    3.3. The Reduced Paid-Up Benefit under Policy will be as follows:
          The RPU Terminal Illness Benefit, RPU Sum Assured, RPU Effective Sum Assured and RPU Sum Assured on
          Maturity shall be equal to the Terminal Illness Benefit, Sum Assured, Effective Sum Assured and Sum Assured
          on Maturity respectively, multiplied by the ratio of:
           The number of premium instalments paid to date; over
           The total number of premium instalments originally due for the Policy Term.

3.4. Death Benefit for Reduced Paid Up Policies:
     If the Life Insured dies during the Policy Term, the Death Benefit payable will be the Reduced Paid Up Effective
     Sum Assured as on the date of death, after deducting any previously paid Terminal Illness or Accelerated Critical
     Illness (ACI) benefits.

3.5. Terminal Illness Benefit for Reduced Paid Up Policies
     In the event the Life Insured is diagnosed with a Terminal Illness during the Policy Term, the benefit payable will
     be the applicable Reduced Paid-Up Terminal Illness Benefit at that time.

ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract _December 2025
Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance                       POLICY CONTRACT
Super Term Plan

A Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual
Pure Risk Premium Life Term Insurance Plan

3.6. Maturity Benefit for Reduced Paid Up Policies
     If the Life Insured survives until the end of the Policy Term, the benefit payable will be Reduced Paid-Up Sum
     Assured on Maturity at that time.

4. Revival
    To revive the Policy, You must pay all unpaid installment premiums due till date plus interest. We will charge the
    interest for Policy Revival at a rate declared by us determined as (x+1%)/12 rounded to the nearest 0.5%, where x is
    the base rate of the State Bank of India. The Revival will be effected on receipt of the evidence of insurability
    satisfactory to us with respect to the Life Insured. We may call for additional information /documents to process the
    Revival request. We reserve the right not to revive the Policy on original terms based on the underwriting decision.
    The effective date of Revival is when these requirements are met and approved by us. The interest rate, as declared
    on June 1st, 2025, is 1% per month compounded annually.

5. Surrender Benefit
    The surrender benefit available under the product varies by the Option chosen. The policy will terminate upon
    payment of this benefit.

    5.1. If Plan Option 1 (Level Cover Option) or Option 2 (Increasing Cover Option) is chosen as per the Policy Schedule

          Under these Options We will pay unexpired risk premium value on Surrender which is as follows:

           For Regular Pay Policies, unexpired risk premium value will be zero.

           Under Limited Pay option, if a Policy is surrendered during the Premium Payment Term, no benefit shall be
           payable, however, upon Surrender of the Policy after completion of the Premium Payment Term, provided all
           due premiums have been paid in full, we shall pay You unexpired risk premium value.

                 Where unexpired risk premium Value is calculated as

                                                                                                    Outstanding Term (in months)
                 Unexpired Risk Premium Value Factor × Total Premiums Paid ×

                                                                                                        Policy Term (in months)
            The Outstanding Term (in months) is calculated as the number of whole months from the date of Surrender

                to the end of the Policy Term.
            Unexpired risk premium value factor is 35%

    5.2. If Plan Option 3 (Level Cover with Return of Premium) is chosen as per Policy Schedule:

           The Policy shall acquire a Surrender Value where One Full Year Premium for the first Policy Year has been
           received by Us on or after the due dates. The Policyholder can Surrender the Policy any time before the end of
           Policy Term. Upon Surrender of this Policy, this Policy will terminate after payment of the Surrender Value and
           thereafter no other benefits under this Policy shall be payable.

           Where One Full Year Premium for the first Policy Year has been received by Us and the Policyholder opts to
           surrender the Policy, the Surrender Value payable will be equal to the Special Surrender Value. The Surrender
           Value will be payable only at the end of the first Policy Year.

          However, where all the due Instalment Premiums for the first two Policy Years have been received by Us, the
          Surrender Value payable will be equal to the higher of Guaranteed Surrender Value and Special Surrender Value.

           Where, Guaranteed Surrender Value will be as per the factors provided under Appendix-I.

ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract _December 2025
Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance                                                                                                                        POLICY CONTRACT
Super Term Plan

A Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual
Pure Risk Premium Life Term Insurance Plan

           To know the Surrender Value for Your Policy You can get in touch with Your advisor, or the nearest Branch
           Office.

6. Policy Loan
    This Policy does not provide for any loan facility.

7. Termination of Policy
    Your Policy will terminate at the earliest of:
    (a) the date of payment of the Death Benefit; or
    (b) the date of payment of the Surrender Benefit or the date of payment of the Early Exit Value, if any; or
    (c) If the Policy has not acquired a Surrender Value for Plan Option 3 (Level Cover with Return of Premium) or
         unexpired risk premium value for Plan Option 1 (Level Cover) and Plan Option 2 (Increasing Cover), the date on
         which the Revival period ends; or
    (d) The date of maturity of the Policy; or
    (e) The date on which the Sum Assured on death has completely been paid out through Accelerated Critical Illness
         (ACI) Benefit and/or Terminal Illness claim; or
    (f) The date of payment of free look cancellation amount.

Appendix I Surrender Value Factors

Policy 10  11  12  13  14  15  16  17  18  19  20  21  22  23  24  25  26  27  28  29  30  31  32  33  34  35  36  37  38  39  40  41  42  43  44  45  46  47  48  49  50  51  52  53          54  55
Year

1 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0%

2 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30% 30%

3 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35%

4 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50%

5 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50%

6 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50%

7 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50%

8 63% 60% 58% 57% 56% 55% 54% 54% 54% 53% 53% 53% 53% 53% 52% 52% 52% 52% 52% 52% 52% 52% 52% 52% 51% 51% 51% 51% 51% 51% 51% 51% 51% 51% 51% 51% 51% 51% 51% 51% 51% 51% 51% 51% 51% 51%

9 90% 70% 66% 63% 61% 60% 59% 58% 57% 57% 56% 56% 55% 55% 55% 54% 54% 54% 54% 54% 53% 53% 53% 53% 53% 53% 53% 53% 53% 53% 52% 52% 52% 52% 52% 52% 52% 52% 52% 52% 52% 52% 52% 52% 52% 52%

10 90% 90% 74% 70% 67% 65% 63% 62% 61% 60% 59% 59% 58% 58% 57% 57% 56% 56% 56% 55% 55% 55% 55% 55% 54% 54% 54% 54% 54% 54% 54% 54% 53% 53% 53% 53% 53% 53% 53% 53% 53% 53% 53% 53% 53% 53%

11         90% 90% 77% 73% 70% 68% 66% 65% 63% 62% 61% 61% 60% 59% 59% 58% 58% 58% 57% 57% 57% 56% 56% 56% 56% 56% 55% 55% 55% 55% 55% 55% 54% 54% 54% 54% 54% 54% 54% 54% 54% 54% 53% 53% 53%

12             90% 90% 79% 75% 72% 70% 68% 67% 65% 64% 63% 63% 62% 61% 61% 60% 60% 59% 59% 58% 58% 58% 57% 57% 57% 57% 56% 56% 56% 56% 56% 56% 55% 55% 55% 55% 55% 55% 55% 55% 54% 54% 54% 54%

13                 90% 90% 80% 77% 74% 72% 70% 68% 67% 66% 65% 64% 63% 63% 62% 61% 61% 60% 60% 60% 59% 59% 59% 58% 58% 58% 58% 57% 57% 57% 57% 56% 56% 56% 56% 56% 56% 56% 55% 55% 55% 55% 55%

14                     90% 90% 81% 78% 75% 73% 72% 70% 69% 68% 66% 66% 65% 64% 63% 63% 62% 62% 61% 61% 60% 60% 60% 59% 59% 59% 58% 58% 58% 58% 58% 57% 57% 57% 57% 57% 57% 56% 56% 56% 56% 56%

15                         90% 90% 82% 79% 77% 75% 73% 71% 70% 69% 68% 67% 66% 65% 65% 64% 63% 63% 62% 62% 61% 61% 61% 60% 60% 60% 59% 59% 59% 59% 58% 58% 58% 58% 58% 57% 57% 57% 57% 57% 57%

16                             90% 90% 83% 80% 78% 76% 74% 73% 71% 70% 69% 68% 67% 66% 66% 65% 64% 64% 63% 63% 62% 62% 62% 61% 61% 61% 60% 60% 60% 59% 59% 59% 59% 59% 58% 58% 58% 58% 58% 58%

17                                 90% 90% 83% 81% 79% 77% 75% 74% 72% 71% 70% 69% 68% 67% 67% 66% 65% 65% 64% 64% 63% 63% 63% 62% 62% 61% 61% 61% 61% 60% 60% 60% 60% 59% 59% 59% 59% 59% 58%

18                                     90% 90% 84% 81% 79% 78% 76% 74% 73% 72% 71% 70% 69% 68% 68% 67% 66% 66% 65% 65% 64% 64% 63% 63% 63% 62% 62% 62% 61% 61% 61% 60% 60% 60% 60% 60% 59% 59%

19                                         90% 90% 84% 82% 80% 78% 77% 75% 74% 73% 72% 71% 70% 69% 68% 68% 67% 67% 66% 65% 65% 65% 64% 64% 63% 63% 63% 62% 62% 62% 61% 61% 61% 61% 60% 60% 60%

20                                             90% 90% 85% 83% 81% 79% 77% 76% 75% 74% 73% 72% 71% 70% 69% 69% 68% 67% 67% 66% 66% 65% 65% 64% 64% 64% 63% 63% 63% 62% 62% 62% 62% 61% 61% 61%

21                                                 90% 90% 85% 83% 81% 79% 78% 77% 75% 74% 73% 72% 72% 71% 70% 69% 69% 68% 68% 67% 66% 66% 66% 65% 65% 64% 64% 64% 63% 63% 63% 62% 62% 62% 62%

22                                                     90% 90% 85% 83% 82% 80% 79% 77% 76% 75% 74% 73% 72% 71% 71% 70% 69% 69% 68% 68% 67% 67% 66% 66% 65% 65% 65% 64% 64% 64% 63% 63% 63% 63%

23                                                         90% 90% 86% 84% 82% 80% 79% 78% 77% 76% 75% 74% 73% 72% 71% 71% 70% 69% 69% 68% 68% 67% 67% 66% 66% 66% 65% 65% 65% 64% 64% 64% 63%

24                                                             90% 90% 86% 84% 82% 81% 80% 78% 77% 76% 75% 74% 73% 73% 72% 71% 71% 70% 69% 69% 68% 68% 67% 67% 67% 66% 66% 65% 65% 65% 64% 64%

25                                                                 90% 90% 86% 84% 83% 81% 80% 79% 78% 77% 76% 75% 74% 73% 73% 72% 71% 71% 70% 69% 69% 68% 68% 68% 67% 67% 66% 66% 66% 65% 65%

26                                                                     90% 90% 86% 85% 83% 82% 80% 79% 78% 77% 76% 75% 75% 74% 73% 72% 72% 71% 71% 70% 69% 69% 69% 68% 68% 67% 67% 67% 66% 66%

27                                                                         90% 90% 86% 85% 83% 82% 81% 80% 79% 78% 77% 76% 75% 74% 74% 73% 72% 72% 71% 71% 70% 70% 69% 69% 68% 68% 67% 67% 67%

28                                                                             90% 90% 87% 85% 84% 82% 81% 80% 79% 78% 77% 76% 75% 75% 74% 73% 73% 72% 72% 71% 70% 70% 70% 69% 69% 68% 68% 68%

29                                                                                 90% 90% 87% 85% 84% 83% 81% 80% 79% 78% 78% 77% 76% 75% 74% 74% 73% 73% 72% 71% 71% 70% 70% 70% 69% 69% 68%

30                                                                                     90% 90% 87% 85% 84% 83% 82% 81% 80% 79% 78% 77% 76% 76% 75% 74% 74% 73% 72% 72% 71% 71% 70% 70% 70% 69%

31                                                                                         90% 90% 87% 86% 84% 83% 82% 81% 80% 79% 78% 77% 77% 76% 75% 75% 74% 73% 73% 72% 72% 71% 71% 70% 70%

32                                                                                             90% 90% 87% 86% 84% 83% 82% 81% 80% 79% 79% 78% 77% 76% 76% 75% 74% 74% 73% 73% 72% 72% 71% 71%

33                                                                                                 90% 90% 87% 86% 85% 84% 83% 82% 81% 80% 79% 78% 77% 77% 76% 75% 75% 74% 74% 73% 73% 72% 72%

34                                                                                                     90% 90% 87% 86% 85% 84% 83% 82% 81% 80% 79% 78% 78% 77% 76% 76% 75% 75% 74% 73% 73% 73%

35                                                                                                         90% 90% 87% 86% 85% 84% 83% 82% 81% 80% 79% 79% 78% 77% 77% 76% 75% 75% 74% 74% 73%

36                                                                                                             90% 90% 87% 86% 85% 84% 83% 82% 81% 81% 80% 79% 78% 78% 77% 76% 76% 75% 75% 74%

37                                                                                                                 90% 90% 88% 86% 85% 84% 83% 82% 82% 81% 80% 79% 79% 78% 77% 77% 76% 76% 75%

38                                                                                                                     90% 90% 88% 86% 85% 84% 84% 83% 82% 81% 80% 80% 79% 78% 78% 77% 76% 76%

39                                                                                                                         90% 90% 88% 87% 86% 85% 84% 83% 82% 81% 80% 80% 79% 78% 78% 77% 77%

40                                                                                                                             90% 90% 88% 87% 86% 85% 84% 83% 82% 81% 81% 80% 79% 79% 78% 78%

41                                                                                                                                 90% 90% 88% 87% 86% 85% 84% 83% 82% 82% 81% 80% 80% 79% 78%

42                                                                                                                                     90% 90% 88% 87% 86% 85% 84% 83% 83% 82% 81% 80% 80% 79%

43                                                                                                                                         90% 90% 88% 87% 86% 85% 84% 83% 83% 82% 81% 81% 80%

44                                                                                                                                             90% 90% 88% 87% 86% 85% 84% 84% 83% 82% 81% 81%

45                                                                                                                                                 90% 90% 88% 87% 86% 85% 85% 84% 83% 82% 82%

46                                                                                                                                                     90% 90% 88% 87% 86% 85% 85% 84% 83% 83%

47                                                                                                                                                         90% 90% 88% 87% 86% 86% 85% 84% 83%

48                                                                                                                                                             90% 90% 88% 87% 86% 86% 85% 84%

49                                                                                                                                                                 90% 90% 88% 87% 87% 86% 85%

50                                                                                                                                                                     90% 90% 88% 87% 87% 86%

51                                                                                                                                                                         90% 90% 88% 87% 87%

52                                                                                                                                                                             90% 90% 88% 88%

53                                                                                                                                                                                 90% 90% 88%

54                                                                                                                                                                                             90% 90%

55                                                                                                                                                                                                 90%

                                                                                                                                                                                           20
ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract _December 2025
Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance                       POLICY CONTRACT
Super Term Plan

A Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual
Pure Risk Premium Life Term Insurance Plan

 PART E ­ POLICY CHARGES

Not Applicable (as it is not a unit linked plan)

ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract _December 2025
Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance                                 POLICY CONTRACT
Super Term Plan

A Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual
Pure Risk Premium Life Term Insurance Plan

     PART F ­ GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS

   GENERAL PROVISIONS

1. Contract
   Your contract includes this Policy document, the proposal for the Policy and any amendments, endorsements agreed
   upon in writing after the Policy is issued. The contract also includes declarations given by the Policyholder, any
   medical report form and written statements and answers furnished as evidence of insurability. We are bound only
   by statements that are part of the contract. Only our authorized officers can agree to any change in the contract and
   the same shall become enforceable only when they are given in writing by the authorized officers.

   All the communication/ documents including the Policy Document will be sent and issued in electronic form unless
   a specific request is received from You to issue the Policy Document in physical form. It shall be Your responsibility
   to confirm Your address, email ID, mobile no, bank account details (contact information) or update any change in
   such contact information. In the event of non- receipt of the Policy, You should contact Our Customer Care Unit
   before expiry of the Free-Look Period.

As the purchase of policy shall be in electronic mode through online or electronic application , the Proposal form and

Sales Illustration shall be validated through One-time password (OTP) sent on Your mobile number/e-mail ID and

undertaking obtained in the Client Declaration form if any or through any other means as may be notified by the

Company                           from                time  to                                              time.

This contract does not provide for participation in the distribution of profits or surplus declared by us.

2. Currency and Place of Payment

All payments to or by us will be in accordance with the prevailing Exchange Control regulations and other relevant
laws and regulations of India. Indian Rupee (INR) is the currency of this Policy. We will make or accept payments
relating to this Policy at any of our offices in India or such other locations as determined by us from time to time.

3. Issuance of Duplicate Policy
    The Policyholder can make an application for duplicate Policy on payment of  250/- upon loss of policy document
    along with other requirements as may be prescribed by the Company.

4. Assignment
    Assignment will be governed as per the provisions of Section 38 of the Insurance Act, 1938 as amended from time
    to time.
    For more details on the assignment, please refer to Annexure A.

5. Nomination
    Nomination will be governed as per the provisions of Section 39 of the Insurance Act, 1938 as amended from time
    to time.
    For more details on the nomination, please refer to Annexure B.

6. Claim Procedures

ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract _December 2025
Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance                                                       POLICY CONTRACT
Super Term Plan

A Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual
Pure Risk Premium Life Term Insurance Plan

The Policyholder/Nominee should notify the claim with proof of claim at the nearest Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance

Co. Ltd. Branch office or through our Customer Portal https://lifeinsurance.adityabirlacapital.com/customer-

service/claim-procedure/online-claim                  or  to   the           `Claims  Department'  at

claimsnotification.lifeinsurance@adityabirlacapital.com and the claim documents to be simultaneously sent at

Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance Company Limited, G- Corp Tech Park, 5th & 6th Floor, Kasar Vadavali, Near Hypercity

Mall, Ghodbunder Road, Thane (West) ­ 400601.

The claim is required to be intimated to us within a period of 90 days from the date of death. However, we may
condone the delay in claim intimation, if any, and the delay is proved to be for reasons beyond the control of the
claimant.

For processing a claim on death or refund on Policy Cancellation under this Policy the following documents are
required:

For Death Benefit:
Mandatory Claim Requirements:

·  Original Policy Document

·  Claimant's statement/Discharge Form/Claim form in prescribed format

·  Death Certificate issued by Municipal Corporation/Gram Panchayat (Self attested copy)

·  KYC Document of beneficiary ( Self attested copy)

·  Relationship of beneficiary with Life Insured

·  Bank details of the beneficiary

Additional Requirements: (Claims within 3 years from date of issue/Revival)

·  Medical Attendant's Certificate, if any

·  Hospital or treatment records, if any (Self attested copy)

·  Employer's Certificate, if applicable

In case of unnatural death or death on account of or arising from an Accident, the Company may call for the copies
of First Information Report (FIR), Panchnama, Post Mortem report, Police Inquest Report and News Paper Cutting, if
any. The Company may also call for additional documents as may be required by them

For processing Maturity claim under this Policy, Maturity proceeds shall be credited in Policyholder's bank account
as per the bank details available in our records. In case of any change in the bank details You are requested to update
the bank details by submitting a request at the nearest Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance Co. Ltd. branch office or
through our website https://lifeinsurance.adityabirlacapital.com or Customer Portal or any other mode as allowed
by the company.

In case You are unable to provide any or all of the above documents, in exceptional circumstances such as a natural
calamity, we may at our own discretion conduct an investigation and subsequently settle the claim.

The Company may request additional information or requirement to support a proof of claim along with proof of
death. If the information or requirements are not provided, benefits under the Policy will not be payable till such
information or requirements are received. However, the Company may waive any requirement in its sole discretion
on such terms and conditions, as it deems appropriate.

Any other relevant information/ document as may be required by ABSLI depending on the circumstances of the death
or illness needs to be provided.

Beneficiary can download the claim documents from our website https://lifeinsurance.adityabirlacapital.com / or
can obtain the same from any of ABSLI branches. In case You are unable to provide any or all the above documents,

ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract _December 2025
Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance                                                             POLICY CONTRACT
Super Term Plan

A Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual
Pure Risk Premium Life Term Insurance Plan

in exceptional circumstances such as a natural calamity, we may at our own discretion conduct an investigation/
verification and accord a claim decision. More details on the Turn Around Time (TAT) for claims settlement and brief
procedure can be found on https://lifeinsurance.adityabirlacapital.com/customer-service/service-tats. For any
further queries, You can call us at our toll free no. 1800 270 7000 or email us at Aditya Birla Capital - Life Insurance
claims.lifeinsurance@adityabirlacapital.com. The link for downloading claim form and list of documents required is
https://lifeinsurance.adityabirlacapital.com/customer-service/claim-procedure/online-claim/claim-forms-and-
downloads.

Claimant/Beneficiary may intimate Us about Death claim via the following ways:

· Online intimation through ABSLI Website (https://lifeinsurance.adityabirlacapital.com/ )
· Through e-mail on claims.lifeinsurance@adityabirlacapital.com
· Visit nearest ABSLI Branch Offices

7. Policy Servicing
    All servicing related requests should be in writing and delivered to Us through any of the following modes:

·  You can email us at care.lifeinsurance@adityabirlacapital.com, or

·  For NRI Customer, you can email us at absli.nrihelpdesk@adityabirlacapital.com or

·  Visit Our nearest Branch Office

More details on the Turn Around Time (TAT) for processing any servicing related request can be found on
https://lifeinsurance.adityabirlacapital.com/customer-service/service-tats . The link for downloading applicable
forms and list of documents for servicing related request is https://lifeinsurance.adityabirlacapital.com/forms-and-
downloads/policy-servicing-forms . For any further assistance that You may require, You can call us at our toll free
no. 1800 270 7000.

8. Taxation
    Tax benefits may be available as per prevailing tax laws in India and any amendment(s) made thereto from time to
    time. As per the applicable laws and any amendments made thereto from time to time, we reserve the right to:
         deduct or withhold tax as the case may be; and
         recover levies, taxes, cesses and duties including but not limited to GST from You or adjust the same from the
            amounts paid by You or accrued or payable to You under the Policy.

9. Suicide
         In case the Life Insured, dies due to suicide within 12 months from the Risk Commencement Date or date of
            Revival of the Policy, the Policy shall immediately terminate, and Company shall pay the following to the
            Nominee:Where the Policy has acquired the unexpired risk premium value (for Plan Option 1 (Level Cover) or
            Plan Option 2 (Increasing Cover) / Surrender Value ( for Plan Option 3 - Level Cover with Return of Premium
            ), higher of unexpired risk premium value/ Surrender Value or (Total Premiums Paid plus underwriting extra
            premiums paid plus loadings for modal premiums paid excluding applicable taxes) till date of death.
         Where the Policy hasn't acquired the Surrender Value/ unexpired risk premium value, Total Premiums Paid
            plus underwriting extra premiums paid plus loadings for modal premiums paid excluding applicable taxes) till
            date of death.

10. Terminal Illness Benefit Exclusion
    The Life Insured will not be entitled to any Terminal Illness benefit if it is caused directly or indirectly due to or
    occasioned, accelerated or aggravated by intentional self-inflicted injury or attempted suicide, whether medically
    sane or insane.

ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract _December 2025
Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance                       POLICY CONTRACT
Super Term Plan

A Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual
Pure Risk Premium Life Term Insurance Plan

11. Fraud and Misstatement
    Fraud and Misstatement would be dealt with in accordance with provisions of Section 45 of the Insurance Act, 1938,
    as amended from time to time. For more details on Section 45 of the Insurance Act, 1938 please refer to Annexure
    C.

12. Electronic Transactions
    You will comply with all the terms and conditions with respect to all transactions effected by or through facilities for
    conducting remote transactions including the internet, world wide web, electronic data interchange, call centre, tele-
    service operations or by other means of telecommunication established by Us or on Our behalf, for and in respect of
    the Policy or services, which will constitute legally binding and valid transactions when executed in adherence to and
    in compliance with the terms and conditions for such facilities.

13. Communication and Notices
    All notices meant for Us should be in writing and delivered to Our address as mentioned in Part G or such other
    address as We may notify from time to time. You should mention the correct Policy number in all communications
    including communications with respect to Premium remittances made by You. All notices meant for You will be in
    writing and will be sent by Us to Your address as shown in the Schedule or as communicated by You and registered
    with Us. We may send You notices by post, courier, hand delivery, fax or e-mail/electronic mode or by any other
    means as determined by Us. If You change Your address, or if the address of the Nominee changes, You must notify
    Us immediately. Failure in timely notification of change of address could result in a delay in processing of benefits
    payable under the Policy. For any updates, please visit Our website https://lifeinsurance.adityabirlacapital.com/

ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract _December 2025
Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance                                POLICY CONTRACT
Super Term Plan

A Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual
Pure Risk Premium Life Term Insurance Plan

 PART G ­ GRIEVANCE REDRESSAL MECHANISM AND OMBUDSMAN DETAILS

Grievance or Complaint
You may register Your grievance or complaint with any of our nearest branches or with our Grievance Officer at
Customer Care Unit, Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance Company Ltd., at G- Corp Tech Park, 5th & 6th Floor, Kasar
Vadavali, Near Hypercity Mall, Ghodbunder Road, Thane (West) ­ 400601 or at Company's registered address at One
World Centre, Tower 1, 16th Floor, Jupiter Mill Compound, 841, Senapati Bapat Marg, Elphinstone Road, Mumbai ­
400013.

You may also lodge Your grievance or complaint with any of Our nearest branches or also call our toll-free no. 1-800-
270-7000 or on WhatsApp no. 8828800040 or email: care.lifeinsurance@adityabirlacapital.com and for NRI
customers- absli.nrihelpdesk@adityabirlacapital.com. or You may also register your grievance on our web portal
https://lifeinsurance.adityabirlacapital.com/grievance-redressal.

In case You are dissatisfied with the decision of the above office or have not received any response with 07 days, You
may contact Head Service Assurance at Customer Care Unit, Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance Company Ltd. , at G- Corp
Tech Park, 5th & 6th Floor, Kasar Vadavali, Near Hypercity Mall, Ghodbunder Road, Thane (West) ­ 400601 or at
Company's registered address at One World Centre, Tower 1, 16th Floor, Jupiter Mill Compound, 841, Senapati
Bapat Marg, Elphinstone Road, Mumbai ­ 400013.

You may also call our toll free no. 1-800-270-7000 or (Timings: Daily 10 a.m. to 7 p.m.) on Whatsapp no. 8828800040
or email: grievance.lifeinsurance@adityabirlacapital.com.

The complaint should be made in writing duly signed or through email by the complainant or by his/her legal heirs
with full details of the complaint and the contact information of complainant.

For senior citizens, we provide priority redressal of grievances and complaints. Please email us at:
ABSLI.SeniorcitizenLifeinsurance@adityabirlacapital.com

If You are not satisfied with the response or do not receive a response from us within 14 days, You may approach
the Grievance Cell of the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (IRDAI) on the following contact
details:

IRDAI Grievance Call Centre- Bima Bharosa Shikayat Nivaran Kendra (IGCC) TOLL FREE NO: 155255 or 18004254732
Email ID: complaints@irdai.gov.in
You can also register Your complaint online at
https://bimabharosa.irdai.gov.in
Address for communication for complaints by fax/paper:
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India,
Policyholder's protection & Grievance Redressal Department ­ Grievance Redressal Cell
4th floor, Sy No. 115/1, Financial District,
Nanakramguda, Gachibowli, Hyderabad ­ 500 032
Ph: (040) 20204000

Insurance Ombudsman
In case You are dissatisfied with the decision/resolution by Insurer or For redressal of Claims related grievances,
claimants can also approach Insurance Ombudsman located nearest to You. The details of the existing offices of the
Insurance Ombudsman are provided in Appendix-I below. You are requested to visit
http://www.cioins.co.in/Ombudsman for updated details.
For redressal of Claims related grievances, claimants can also approach Insurance Ombudsman who provides for low
cost, speedy arbitration to customers.
The Ombudsman, as per Insurance Ombudsman Rules, 2017, can receive and consider complaints or disputes
relating to the matters such as:

ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract December2025
(a) Delay in settlement of claims, beyond the time specified in the regulations, framed under the Insurance
     Regulatory and Development Authority of India Act,1999

(b) Any partial or total repudiation of claims by the life insurer, General insurer or the health insurer;
(c) Disputes over premium paid or payable in terms of insurance policy;
(d) Misrepresentation of policy terms and conditions at any time in the policy document or policy contract;
(e) Legal construction of insurance policies insofar as the dispute relates to claim;
(f) Policy servicing related grievances against insurers and their agents and intermediaries;1
(g) Issuance of life insurance policy, general insurance policy including health insurance policy which is not in

     conformity with the proposal form submitted by the proposer;
(h) Non-issuance of insurance policy after receipt of premium in life insurance and general insurance including

     health insurance; and
(i) Any other matter resulting from the violation of provisions of the Insurance Act, 1938, as amended from time

     to time, or the regulations, circulars , guidelines or instructions issued by IRDAI from time to time or the terms
     and conditions of the policy contract, in so far as they relate to issues mentioned at clauses (a) to (f).
As per provision 14(3) of the Insurance Ombudsman Rules 2017, the complaint to the Ombudsman can be made only
if:
     the complainant has made a representation in writing or through electronic mail or online through website

         of the insurer named in the complaint and
         (i) either the insurer had rejected the complaint; or
         (ii) the complainant had not received any reply within a period of one month after the insurer received his
         representation; or
         (iii) the complainant is not satisfied with the reply given to him by the insurer;
     The complaint is made within one year
         (i) after the order of the insurer rejecting the representation is received; or
         (ii) after receipt of decision of the insurer which is not to the satisfaction of the complainant;
         (iii) after expiry of a period of one month from the date of sending the written representation to the insurer
         if the insurer named fails to furnish reply to the complainant.

Risk Factors / Disclaimers
This Policy is underwritten by Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance Company Limited (ABSLI) and is non-linked non-
participating individual pure risk premium life insurance plan and on Policyholder's selection of Plan Option 3 this
product shall be Non-Linked, Non-Participating, Individual Life Savings Insurance plan; All terms & conditions are
guaranteed throughout the Policy Term. ABSLI reserves the right to recover levies such as the GST levied by the
authorities on insurance transactions. If there be any additional levies, they too will be recovered from you.

NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING CONTAINED IN THIS POLICY DOCUMENT, THE PROVISIONS HEREIN SHALL
STAND ALTERED, AMENDED, MODIFIED OR SUPERCEDED TO SUCH EXTENT AND IN SUCH MANNER AS MAY BE
REQUIRED BY ANY CHANGE IN THE APPLICABLE LAW (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY REGULATIONS
MADE OR DIRECTIONS / INSTRUCTIONS OR GUIDELINES ISSUED BY THE IRDAI) OR ANY OTHER COMPETENT
AUTHORITY OR AS MAY BE NECESSARY UNDER A JUDGEMENT OR ORDER /DIRECTION/ INSTRUCTION OF A
COURT OF LAW.

ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract December 2025
Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance                                 POLICY CONTRACT
Super Term Plan

A Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual
Pure Risk Premium Life Term Insurance Plan

                                                  Appendix-I
                                            *List of Ombudsman

                                                                                                                                                                                          28
ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract December 2025
Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance                      POLICY CONTRACT
Super Term Plan

A Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual
Pure Risk Premium Life Term Insurance Plan

Office Details                                       Jurisdiction of Office (Union Territory, District)
                                                     Gujarat,
AHMEDABAD - Shri Collu Vikas Rao                     Dadra & Nagar Haveli,
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,                   Daman and Diu.
Jeevan Prakash Building, 6th floor,
Tilak Marg, Relief Road,                             Karnataka.
Ahmedabad ­ 380 001.
Tel.: 079 - 25501201/02/05/06                        Madhya Pradesh
Email: oio.ahmedabad@cioins.co.in                    Chattisgarh.
BENGALURU ­ Ms. Neerja Kapur
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
Jeevan Soudha Building,PID No. 57-27-N-19
Ground Floor, 19/19, 24th Main Road,
JP Nagar, Ist Phase,
Bengaluru ­ 560 078.
Tel.: 080 - 26652048 / 26652049
Email: oio.bengaluru@cioins.co.in
BHOPAL ­ Shri Ajay Kumar
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
1st floor,"Jeevan Shikha",
60-B,Hoshangabad Road, Opp. Gayatri
Mandir,Arera Hills
Bhopal ­ 462 011.

Tel.: 0755 - 2769201 / 2769202                       Orissa.
Fax: 0755 - 2769203
Email: oio.bhopal@cioins.co.in                       Punjab,
BHUBANESHWAR - Shri Ajay Kumar                       Haryana(excluding Gurugram, Faridabad, Sonepat
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,                   and Bahadurgarh)
62, Forest park,                                     Himachal Pradesh, Union Territories of Jammu &
Bhubneshwar ­ 751 009.                               Kashmir,
Tel.: 0674 - 2596461 /2596455                        Ladakh & Chandigarh.
Fax: 0674 - 2596429
Email: oio.bhubaneswar@cioins.co.in                  Tamil Nadu,
                                                     Tamil Nadu
CHANDIGARH - Ms. Alka Jha                            PuducherryTown and
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,                   Karaikal (which are part of Puducherry).
Jeevan Deep Building S.C.O. 20-27 Ground
Floor , Sector 17 ­ A,
Chandigarh ­ 160 017.
Tel.: 0172 - 2706196 / 2706468
Fax: 0172 - 2708274
Email: oio.chandigarh@cioins.co.in
CHENNAI - Shri K.Vinayak Rao
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
Fatima Akhtar Court, 4th Floor, 453,
Anna Salai, Teynampet,
CHENNAI ­ 600 018.
Tel.: 044 - 24333668 / 24335284
Fax: 044 - 24333664
Email: oio.chennai@cioins.co.in

ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract December 2025
Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance                                                                          POLICY CONTRACT
Super Term Plan
                                                     Delhi &
A Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual            Following Districts of Haryana - Gurugram,
Pure Risk Premium Life Term Insurance Plan           Faridabad, Sonepat & Bahadurgarh.

DELHI - Ms. Sunita Sharma                            Assam,
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,                   Meghalaya,
2/2 A, Universal Insurance Building,                 Manipur,
Asaf Ali Road,                                       Mizoram,
New Delhi ­ 110 002.                                 Arunachal Pradesh,
Tel.: 011 - 23232481/23213504                        Nagaland and Tripura.
Email: oio.delhi@cioins.co.in
                                                     Andhra Pradesh,
GUWAHATI - Shri Ajay Kumar Sharma                    Telangana,
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,                   Yanam and
Jeevan Nivesh, 5th Floor,                            part of Union Territory of Puducherry.
Nr. Panbazar over bridge, S.S. Road,
Guwahati ­ 781001(ASSAM).                            Rajasthan.
Tel.: 0361 - 2632204 / 2602205
Email: oio.guwahati@cioins.co.in                     Kerala,
                                                     Lakshadweep,
HYDERABAD - Ms. G Shobha Reddy                       Mahe-a part of Union Territory of Puducherry.
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
6-2-46, 1st floor, "Moin Court",                     West Bengal,
Lane Opp. Saleem Function Palace,                    Sikkim,
A. C. Guards, Lakdi-Ka-Pool,                         Andaman & Nicobar Islands.
Hyderabad - 500 004.
Tel.: 040 - 23312122
Fax: 040 - 23376599
Email: oio.hyderabad@cioins.co.in
JAIPUR ­ Shri Satyajeet Rajan
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
Jeevan Nidhi ­ II Bldg., Gr. Floor,
Bhawani Singh Marg,
Jaipur - 302 005.
Tel.: 0141 - 2740363
Email: oio.jaipur@cioins.co.in
KOCHI- Shri Pradeep Kumar Jain
10th Floor, Jeevan Prakash, LIC Building,
Opp to Maharaja's College, M.G.Road,
Kochi - 682 011Tel.: 0484 - 2358759

Email: oio.ernakulam@cioins.co.in
KOLKATA ­ Shri Ajay Kumar
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,
Hindustan Bldg. Annexe, 7th Floor,
4, C.R. Avenue,
KOLKATA - 700 072.
Tel.: 033 - 22124339 / 22124340
Fax : 033 - 22124341
Email: oio.kolkata@cioins.co.in

ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract December 2025
Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance                                                             POLICY CONTRACT
Super Term Plan

A Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual
Pure Risk Premium Life Term Insurance Plan

LUCKNOW - Shri Ajay Kumar Sharma                     Districts of Uttar Pradesh :
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,                   Lalitpur, Jhansi, Mahoba, Hamirpur, Banda,
6th Floor, Jeevan Bhawan, Phase-II,                  Chitrakoot, Allahabad, Mirzapur, Sonbhabdra,
Nawal Kishore Road, Hazratganj,                      Fatehpur, Pratapgarh, Jaunpur,Varanasi, Gazipur,
Lucknow - 226 001.                                   Jalaun, Kanpur, Lucknow, Unnao, Sitapur,
Tel.: 0522 - 2231330 / 2231331                       Lakhimpur, Bahraich, Barabanki, Raebareli,
Fax: 0522 - 2231310                                  Sravasti, Gonda, Faizabad, Amethi, Kaushambi,
Email: oio.lucknow@cioins.co.in                      Balrampur, Basti, Ambedkarnagar, Sultanpur,
                                                     Maharajgang, Santkabirnagar, Azamgarh,
MUMBAI ­Ms. Sarojini S Dikhale                       Kushinagar, Gorkhpur, Deoria, Mau, Ghazipur,
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,                   Chandauli, Ballia, Sidharathnagar.
3rd Floor, Jeevan Seva Annexe,
S. V. Road, Santacruz (W),                           Goa,
Mumbai - 400 054.                                    Mumbai Metropolitan Region
Tel.:                                                excluding Navi Mumbai & Thane.
69038821/23/24/25/26/27/28/28/29/30/31
Fax: 022 - 26106052                                  State of Uttaranchal and the following Districts of
Email: oio.mumbai@cioins.co.in                       Uttar Pradesh:
                                                     Agra, Aligarh, Bagpat, Bareilly, Bijnor, Budaun,
NOIDA ­ Ms. Alka Jha                                 Bulandshehar, Etah, Kanooj, Mainpuri, Mathura,
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,                   Meerut, Moradabad, Muzaffarnagar, Oraiyya,
Bhagwan Sahai Palace                                 Pilibhit, Etawah, Farrukhabad, Firozbad,
4th Floor, Main Road,                                Gautambodhanagar, Ghaziabad, Hardoi,
Naya Bans, Sector 15,                                Shahjahanpur, Hapur, Shamli, Rampur, Kashganj,
Distt: Gautam Buddh Nagar,                           Sambhal, Amroha, Hathras, Kanshiramnagar,
U.P-201301.                                          Saharanpur.
Tel.: 0120-2514252 / 2514253
Email: oio.noida@cioins.co.in

PATNA - Ms Neerja Kapur

Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,

2nd Floor, Lalit Bhawan,                             Bihar,
Bailey Road,                                         Jharkhand.
Patna 800 001.
Tel.: 0612-2547068

Email: oio.patna@cioins.co.in                        Maharashtra,
PUNE - Shri Sunil Jain                               Area of Navi Mumbai and Thane
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,                   excluding Mumbai Metropolitan Region.
Jeevan Darshan Bldg., 3rd Floor,
C.T.S. No.s. 195 to 198,
N.C. Kelkar Road, Narayan Peth,
Pune ­ 411 030.
Tel.: 020-41312555
Email: oio.pune@cioins.co.in

ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract December 2025
Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance                                                          POLICY CONTRACT
Super Term Plan

A Non-Linked Non-Participating Individual
Pure Risk Premium Life Term Insurance Plan

THANE- Shri Umesh Sinha

Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,

2nd Floor,Jeevan Chintamani Building,       Area of Navi Mumbai, Thane District, Raigad

Vasantrao Naik Mahamarg,                    District, Palghar District and wards of Mumbai,

Thane (West)- 400604                        M/East, M/West, N, S and T."

Tel.: 022-20812868/69

Email: oio.thane@cioins.co.in

*For updated list of Ombudsman please refer to the website at http://www.cioins.co.in/Ombudsman.

                                                                                                                                                                                      30
ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract December 2025
 Annexure A:
 Section 38 - Assignment and Transfer of Insurance Policies

Assignment or transfer of a Policy should be in accordance with Section 38 of the Insurance Act, 1938 as amended
by the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Act, 2015. The extant provisions in this regard are as follows:
1. This Policy may be transferred/assigned, wholly or in part, with or without consideration.

2. An Assignment may be effected in a Policy by an endorsement upon the Policy itself or by a separate instrument
    under notice to the Insurer.

3. The instrument of assignment should indicate the fact of transfer or assignment and the reasons for the
    assignment or transfer, antecedents of the assignee and terms on which assignment is made.

4. The assignment must be signed by the transferor or assignor or duly authorized agent and attested by at least
    one witness.

5. The transfer of assignment shall not be operative as against an insurer until a notice in writing of the transfer or
    assignment and either the said endorsement or instrument itself or copy there of certified to be correct by both
    transferor and transferee or their duly authorised agents have been delivered to the insurer.

6. Fee to be paid for assignment or transfer can be specified by the Authority through Regulations.

7. On receipt of notice with fee, the insurer should Grant a written acknowledgement of receipt of notice. Such
    notice shall be conclusive evidence against the insurer of duly receiving the notice.

8. If the insurer maintains one or more places of business, such notices shall be delivered only at the place where
    the Policy is being serviced.

9. The insurer may accept or decline to act upon any transfer or assignment or endorsement, if it has sufficient
    reasons to believe that it is
       a. not bonafide or
       b. not in the interest of the Policyholder or
       c. not in public interest or
       d. is for the purpose of trading of the insurance Policy.

10. Before refusing to act upon endorsement, the Insurer should record the reasons in writing and communicate the
    same in writing to Policyholder within 30 days from the date of Policyholder giving a notice of transfer or
    assignment.

11. In case of refusal to act upon the endorsement by the Insurer, any person aggrieved by the refusal may prefer a
    claim to IRDAI within 30 days of receipt of the refusal letter from the Insurer.

12. The priority of claims of persons interested in an insurance Policy would depend on the date on which the notices
    of assignment or transfer is delivered to the insurer; where there are more than one instruments of transfer or
    assignment, the priority will depend on dates of delivery of such notices. Any dispute in this regard as to priority
    should be referred to Authority.

13. Every assignment or transfer shall be deemed to be absolute assignment or transfer and the assignee or
    transferee shall be deemed to be absolute assignee or transferee, except
       a. where assignment or transfer is subject to terms and conditions of transfer or assignment OR
       b. where the transfer or assignment is made upon condition that
              i. the proceeds under the Policy shall become payable to Policyholder or Nominee(s) in the event of
                    assignee or transferee dying before the insured OR
             ii. the insured surviving the term of the Policy. Such conditional assignee will not be entitled to obtain
                    a loan on Policy or Surrender the Policy. This provision will prevail notwithstanding any law or
                    custom having force of law which is contrary to the above position.

14. In other cases, the insurer shall, subject to terms and conditions of assignment, recognize the transferee or
    assignee named in the notice as the absolute transferee or assignee and such person
       a. shall be subject to all liabilities and equities to which the transferor or assignor was subject to at the date
            of transfer or assignment and
       b. may institute any proceedings in relation to the Policy

ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract_December 2025
       c. obtain loan under the Policy or Surrender the Policy without obtaining the consent of the transferor or
            assignor or making him a party to the proceedings

15. Any rights and remedies of an assignee or transferee of a life insurance Policy under an assignment or transfer
    effected before commencement of the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Act, 2015 shall not be affected by this
    section.

[Disclaimer: This is not a comprehensive list of amendments of the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Act, 2015 and
only a simplified version prepared for general information. Policyholders are advised to refer to Original Act
Gazette Notification dated March 23, 2015 for complete and accurate details. ]

 Annexure B:
 Section 39 - Nomination by Policyholder
Nomination of a life insurance Policy is as below in accordance with Section 39 of the Insurance Act, 1938 as
amended by the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Act, 2015. The extant provisions in this regard are as follows:
1. The Policyholder of a life insurance on his own life may nominate a person or persons to whom money3s1ecured

    by the Policy shall be paid in the event of his death.

ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract_December 2025
2. Where the Nominee is a minor, the Policyholder may appoint any person to receive the money secured by the
    Policy in the event of Policyholder's death during the minority of the Nominee. The manner of appointment to
    be laid down by the insurer.

3. Nomination can be made at any time before the maturity of the Policy.

4. Nomination may be incorporated in the text of the Policy itself or may be endorsed on the Policy communicated
    to the insurer and can be registered by the insurer in the records relating to the Policy.

5. Nomination can be cancelled or changed at any time before Policy matures, by an endorsement or a further
    endorsement or a will as the case may be.

6. A notice in writing of Change or Cancellation of nomination must be delivered to the insurer for the insurer to
    be liable to such Nominee. Otherwise, insurer will not be liable if a bonafide payment is made to the person
    named in the text of the Policy or in the registered records of the insurer.

7. Fee to be paid to the insurer for registering change or cancellation of a nomination can be specified by the
    Authority through Regulations.

8. On receipt of notice with fee, the insurer should grant a written acknowledgement to the Policyholder of having
    registered a nomination or cancellation or change thereof.

9. A transfer or assignment made in accordance with Section 38 shall automatically cancel the nomination except
    in case of assignment to the insurer or other transferee or assignee for purpose of loan or against security or its
    reassignment after repayment. In such case, the nomination will not get cancelled to the extent of insurer's or
    transferee's or assignee's interest in the Policy. The nomination will get revived on repayment of the loan.

10. The right of any creditor to be paid out of the proceeds of any Policy of life insurance shall not be affected by the
    nomination.

11. In case of nomination by Policyholder whose life is insured, if the Nominees die before the Policyholder, the
    proceeds are payable to Policyholder or his heirs or legal representatives or holder of succession certificate.

12. In case Nominee(s) survive the person whose life is insured, the amount secured by the Policy shall be paid to
    such survivor(s).

13. Where the Policyholder whose life is insured nominates his
    a. parents or
    b. spouse or
    c. children or
    d. spouse and children
    e. or any of them
   the Nominees are beneficially entitled to the amount payable by the insurer to the Policyholder unless it is proved
   that Policyholder could not have conferred such beneficial title on the Nominee having regard to the nature of
   his title.

14. If Nominee(s) die after the Policyholder but before his share of the amount secured under the Policy is paid, the
    share of the expired Nominee(s) shall be payable to the heirs or legal representative of the Nominee or holder
    of succession certificate of such Nominee(s).

15. The provisions of sub-section 7 and 8 (13 and 14 above) shall apply to all life insurance policies maturing for
    payment after the commencement of the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Act, 2015.

16. If Policyholder dies after maturity but the proceeds and benefit of the Policy has not been paid to him because
    of his death, his Nominee(s) shall be entitled to the proceeds and benefit of the Policy.

17. The provisions of Section 39 are not applicable to any life insurance Policy to which Section 6 of Married Women's
    Property Act, 1874 applies or has at any time applied except where before or after the Insurance Laws
    (Amendment) Act, 2015, a nomination is made in favour of spouse or children or spouse and children whether
    or not on the face of the Policy it is mentioned that it is made under Section 39. Where nomination is intended

ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract_December 2025
    to be made to spouse or children or spouse and children under Section 6 of MWP Act, it should be specifically
    mentioned on the Policy. In such a case only, the provisions of Section 39 will not apply.
[Disclaimer: This is not a comprehensive list of amendments of the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Act, 2015 and
only a simplified version prepared for general information. Policyholders are advised to refer to Original Act
Gazette Notification dated March 23, 2015 for complete and accurate details.

ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract_December 2025
 Annexure C:
 Section 45 ­ Policy shall not be called in question on the ground of mis-statement after three years

Provisions regarding Policy not being called into question in terms of Section 45 of the Insurance Act, 1938, as
amended by the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Act, 2015 are as follows:
1. No Policy of Life Insurance shall be called in question on any ground whatsoever after expiry of 3 yrs from

    a. the date of issuance of Policy or
    b. the date of commencement of risk or
    c. the date of Revival of Policy or
    d. the date of rider to the Policy
    whichever is later.

2. On the ground of fraud, a Policy of Life Insurance may be called in question within 3 years from
    a. the date of issuance of Policy or
    b. the date of commencement of risk or
    c. the date of Revival of Policy or
    d. the date of rider to the Policy
    whichever is later.
    For this, the insurer should communicate in writing to the insured or legal representative or Nominee or
    assignees of insured, as applicable, mentioning the ground and materials on which such decision is based.

3. Fraud means any of the following acts committed by insured or by his agent, with the intent to deceive the
    insurer or to induce the insurer to issue a life insurance Policy:
    a. The suggestion, as a fact of that which is not true and which the insured does not believe to be true;
    b. The active concealment of a fact by the insured having knowledge or belief of the fact;
    c. Any other act fitted to deceive; and
    d. Any such act or omission as the law specifically declares to be fraudulent.

4. Mere silence is not fraud unless, depending on circumstances of the case, it is the duty of the insured or his agent
    keeping silence to speak or silence is in itself equivalent to speak.

5. No Insurer shall repudiate a life insurance Policy on the ground of Fraud, if the Insured / beneficiary can prove
    that the misstatement was true to the best of his knowledge and there was no deliberate intention to suppress
    the fact or that such mis-statement of or suppression of material fact are within the knowledge of the insurer.
    Onus of disproving is upon the Policyholder, if alive, or beneficiaries.

6. Life insurance Policy can be called in question within 3 years on the ground that any statement of or suppression
    of a fact material to expectancy of life of the insured was incorrectly made in the proposal or other document
    basis which Policy was issued or revived or rider issued. For this, the insurer should communicate in writing to
    the insured or legal representative or Nominee or assignees of insured, as applicable, mentioning the ground
    and materials on which decision to repudiate the Policy of life insurance is based.

7. In case repudiation is on ground of mis-statement and not on fraud, the premium collected on Policy till the date
    of repudiation shall be paid to the insured or legal representative or Nominee or assignees of insured, within a
    period of 90 days from the date of repudiation.

8. Fact shall not be considered material unless it has a direct bearing on the risk undertaken by the insurer. The
    onus is on insurer to show that if the insurer had been aware of the said fact, no life insurance Policy would have
    been issued to the insured.

9. The insurer can call for proof of Age at any time if he is entitled to do so and no Policy shall be deemed to be
    called in question merely because the terms of the Policy are adjusted on subsequent proof of Age of Life Insured.
    So, this Section will not be applicable for questioning Age or adjustment based on proof of Age submitted
    subsequently.

[Disclaimer: This is not a comprehensive list of amendments of the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Act, 2015 and
only a simplified version prepared for general information. Policyholders are advised to refer to Original Act
Gazette Notification dated March 23, 2015 for complete and accurate details.]

ABSLI Super Term Plan Policy Contract_December 2025
